----- diversity: 0.2
----- Generating with seed: "ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide t"
ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
ere of the
corner or obe pub, take another sub-ell of the otherstole was the old man cold much.
"i think i'm not a sub-ethached to silence his bother than in the galaxy /
131
but that what the book, he could have to say that the way the end.
"i think i'm not a sub-etha
sub-ence of the constind in the
dirt of the great shock and then the galaxy you're saying is construction to consid

----- diversity: 0.5
----- Generating with seed: "ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide t"
ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
a}dfurled
arthur door id. then he had a dumanter to be a head. he said. he had knengited to be service.
 the tencive the one."
"happerat,
sectured to pan's for a roc waving to it that it as a small both say.
arthur doesning a something vogon for a moment. so instant than do something so fleast and go
t the planet that constream aul.
"an an in the terrible damogranably and rolling bare

----- diversity: 1.0
----- Generating with seed: "ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide t"
ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide tody unvin to don't. it sort of governed round the hit
chhiker if
probabalicts of the
distant perfecastide him sat of the vook an
ording genuine and then
louses between it. he could have groat."
"you can't leapher that pont all the instrait winking to
warse. then but and perann's do that's many what a few constind ngly around it. the charss. i
t ware dooy on unstuttly doing it. it is and arthur disco

----- diversity: 1.2
----- Generating with seed: "ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide t"
ut in his mouth.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
ere or the change in from say deson with, humk?" wonves rrutot. reallyirment on times call to
p that crettle for a huge.
zaphod lever than being stupply he was
they were a small buttfult gromom, "do i only they said
if
you can't be silentath know, that ever to wan out. and the wondermous. the gane ... many ligh
t.
manouch at the youngst now on a big of teal looked asllerverve, his cha

--------------------------------------------------
