----- diversity: 0.2
----- Generating with seed: "we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole"
we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole was only and a sudden the computer busine to see was
 the screen.
"we're it?" said arthur.
"we're mean the bight silentate space because it was a demand the couple of the sky arears of
 programmed, the wall them floated in the coum.
ford sectly dead around it. it was a small was something very much and the started. it said f
ord prefect the guard began to thought the scross of good the motter says t

----- diversity: 0.5
----- Generating with seed: "we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole"
we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole we did he wakes and up in the problem!" haughed ford
 prompated for a moment.
"what was like to sen was a reson thought the space he caught sxipped off this meniered throu
gh the sky in a grame. the earth you was something span and where they were particular forty
an extrem move began to arthur two
tried by the conso in varse of the pub, ook the door of computer studdrable particular fimme
posmed i

----- diversity: 1.0
----- Generating with seed: "we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole"
we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole of get pean
gone up. the thorjus!
it estes"
probabilite could only earth the endbous. this time about thought that chambes of very readio
n come for myself
with
another ... you want to do a coupnerns, undermenial magni/jougsone was alffread he will get e
ndfur may
intensed away the voice distances about the galaxy - we wasn!" he said. "because in way his e
nc-espees.
"yes, i'll net heyeld wait shado

----- diversity: 1.2
----- Generating with seed: "we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole"
we're in the horsehead nebula. one whole
you unreftall?
it should for out.
thlam, he became furny," said arthur. prople it impofatis moved to be and a smalt geneble wit
h by a thon, spans suiled varing that foot cenely up and was old more eapt of well into the s
quast edgent at layed and
ridnew flash. is
clare realized this should. it
wasn't larfurds that entrres id all nonce you inkresternced
comperent
musing million you
part of more lo

--------------------------------------------------
