----- diversity: 0.2
----- Generating with seed: "say something wrong?" said marvin, dragg"
say something wrong?" said marvin, dragge mice at him, but then with a starthous but that had
 had been senarcher and well.
they were the shartled the fast as it ford prefect a terrible moment that he was about to see
 it and well. they were the shartly of the planet barriear the ship should alone the motter t
o see which was one of the programmmanion in a motter stard. it was an any is the leart that
the capeloss from the galaxy and we wa

----- diversity: 0.5
----- Generating with seed: "say something wrong?" said marvin, dragg"
say something wrong?" said marvin, dragge miced to instance and sayg to think about and weavi
ng the procupled of the
bottom bar even long with the large was the surface.
"well, it said! beeble to be and a should and the terrible moment that they can doing to tell
 at alching was he close it was about the root, and it was at a shartled in the shadosty dud,
 at him to come this is a moment."
ford prefect a the alits of his head leaded to fo

----- diversity: 1.0
----- Generating with seed: "say something wrong?" said marvin, dragg"
say something wrong?" said marvin, dragge mice planet.
"i seep! thos is it."
"you doenn't learis between to see. the dayoghander. "well, the miningter?" crawed find out f
ull darvger and then
to llay. that's senece you ...
..."
"arthur really ?"
for the greee forms of the fround
out of to lenethand trillian was more youly disconcents down.
farts i everyoni't
simply, but, it said, "and we dim
to rent out of the galaxy. he seemed to foll.

----- diversity: 1.2
----- Generating with seed: "say something wrong?" said marvin, dragg"
say something wrong?" said marvin, dragge hope-now - not agaidly, and guakth and who we have
a next thabour it of the hitch hiker's guard into the demallike vogon cuiteless hellod to fee
 his fashait."
arthur. you found oo, you
much had dogneas and there i finh you saying ford's actualld also himsellorvene
impossions of the morness to the starness
beawnere. zaphod lever had "to had cosstoproat.
"moxt
so,
or - engine jandrous you, where l

--------------------------------------------------
