----- diversity: 0.2
----- Generating with seed: "de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it"
de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it for a moment in a though the ship's crackess. this i
s need in their to be prosser, why ent milling see this probably could and the ship's ed the
earth, what was
at the sky a resoci obetid to the consow
repres in the air. a though the shart of the seconasion coum.
"well i was
better means that it was
in the air. a tear space and governed to him, but because of the can down. the ship switche,
no on

----- diversity: 0.5
----- Generating with seed: "de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it"
de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it was
over. in fact the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
117rem in ford prosser, the earth face and reventie he was brain?" said arthur looked across
ic
juniering in the roold and then we would gettrred to coupht that i think is it all the enceth
ors of the consopped a papertiful demand. she said. althory
surence to a thook of go to the strange for the air in my ... well what he wand turned a sec

----- diversity: 1.0
----- Generating with seed: "de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it"
de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it as betwerely as were lite of eagh.
"temy amammmmmzziles!"
"ur bark deep those proper!"
he said to be had been donggle more for at ford
it. egally are they were unsull spentun you could have to od the s"itic neberabid. dudk-now w
ho is just have tas do never won
infinuty
been throngs was deep intelligent expectianly, and found his feet i neers i thinking."
arthur two spacew of culing xorp of the ju

----- diversity: 1.2
----- Generating with seed: "de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it"
de your eyes ..." he said, and turned it forrancioue paus ... what would betindiup stumms lys
efers."
"ally unrice put to the planet of
see in xernt
copy again.
not underbooy let thorksiok quietly something daysings up by.the voice oo ..."
what earthory uncomentry wildent
remaited
memeasa to those of the
floars of the ancitions creaty was
more - a liver rourt had voice tooked round at all
was the hitch ient away. on the galaxy 's constif

--------------------------------------------------
