T HE H ITCHHIKER ' S G UIDE TO THE G ALAXYBYDOUGLAS ADAMS2001 HANOMAGD OCUMENT VERSION 1.0C OPYRIGHT © D OUGLAS A DAMSfor Jonny Brock and Clare Gorst and all other Arlingtoniansfor tea, sympathy, and a sofaFar out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end ofthe western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregardedyellow sun.Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles isan utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they stillthink digital watches are a pretty neat idea.This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: mostof the people on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time.Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most ofthese were largely concerned with the movements of small greenpieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't thesmall green pieces of paper that were unhappy.And so the problem remained; lots of the people were mean, andmost of them were miserable, even the ones with digital watches.Many were increasingly of the opinion that they'd all made a bigmistake in coming down from the trees in the first place. Andsome said that even the trees had been a bad move, and that noone should ever have left the oceans.And then, one Thursday, nearly two thousand years after oneman had been nailed to a tree for saying how great it would be tobe nice to people for a change, one girl sitting on her own in asmall cafe in Rickmansworth suddenly realized what it was thathad been going wrong all this time, and she finally knew how theworld could be made a good and happy place. This time it wasright, it would work, and no one would have to get nailed toanything.4 / DOUGLAS ADAMSSadly, however, before she could get to a phone to tell anyone-about it, a terribly stupid catastrophe occurred, and the idea waslost forever.This is not her story.But it is the story of that terrible stupid catastrophe and some ofits consequences.It is also the story of a book, a book called The Hitch Hiker'sGuide to the Galaxy - not an Earth book, never published onEarth, and until the terrible catastrophe occurred, never seen orheard of by any Earthman.Nevertheless, a wholly remarkable book.in fact it was probably the most remarkable book ever to comeout of the great publishing houses of Ursa Minor - of which noEarthman had ever heard either.Not only is it a wholly remarkable book, it is also a highlysuccessful one - more popular than the Celestial Home CareOmnibus, better selling than Fifty More Things to do in ZeroGravity, and more controversial than Oolon Colluphid's trilogy ofphilosophical blockbusters Where God Went Wrong, Some Moreof God's Greatest Mistakes and Who is this God Person Anyway?In many of the more relaxed civilizations on the Outer EasternRim of the Galaxy, the Hitch Hiker's Guide has alreadysupplanted the great Encyclopedia Galactica as the standardrepository of all knowledge and wisdom, for though it has manyomissions and contains much that is apocryphal, or at least wildlyinaccurate, it scores over the older, more pedestrian work in twoimportant respects.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /5First, it is slightly cheaper; and secondly it has the words Don'tPanic inscribed in large friendly letters on its cover.But the story of this terrible, stupid Thursday, the story of itsextraordinary consequences, and the story of how theseconsequences are inextricably intertwined with this remarkablebook begins very simply.It begins with a house.6 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe house stood on a slight rise just on the edge of the village. Itstood on its own and looked over a broad spread of WestCountry farmland. Not a remarkable house by any means - itwas about thirty years old, squattish, squarish, made of brick, andhad four windows set in the front of a size and proportion whichmore or less exactly failed to please the eye.The only person for whom the house was in any way special wasArthur Dent, and that was only because it happened to be theone he lived in. He had lived in it for about three years, eversince he had moved out of London because it made him nervousand irritable. He was about thirty as well, dark haired and never-quite at ease with himself. The thing that used to worry himmost was the fact that people always used to ask him what he waslooking so worried about. He worked in local radio which healways used to tell his friends was a lot more interesting than theyprobably thought. It was, too - most of his friends worked inadvertising.It hadn't properly registered with Arthur that the council wantedto knock down his house and build a bypass instead.At eight o'clock on Thursday morning Arthur didn't feel verygood. He woke up blearily, got up, wandered blearily round hisroom, opened a window, saw a bulldozer, found his slippers, andstomped off to the bathroom to wash.Toothpaste on the brush - so. Scrub.Shaving mirror - pointing at the ceiling. He adjusted it. For amoment it reflected a second bulldozer through the bathroomwindow. Properly adjusted, it reflected Arthur Dent's bristles.He shaved them off, washed, dried, and stomped off to thekitchen to find something pleasant to put in his mouth.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /7Kettle, plug, fridge, milk, coffee. Yawn.The word bulldozer wandered through his mind for a momentin search of something to connect with.The bulldozer outside the kitchen window was quite a big one.He stared at it."Yellow," he thought and stomped off back to his bedroom to getdressed.Passing the bathroom he stopped to drink a large glass of water,and another. He began to suspect that he was hung over. Whywas he hung over? Had he been drinking the night before? Hesupposed that he must have been. He caught a glint in theshaving mirror. "Yellow," he thought and stomped on to thebedroom.He stood and thought. The pub, he thought. Oh dear, the pub.He vaguely remembered being angry, angry about somethingthat seemed important. He'd been telling people about it, tellingpeople about it at great length, he rather suspected: his clearestvisual recollection was of glazed looks on other people's faces.Something about a new bypass he had just found out about. Ithad been in the pipeline for months only no one seemed to haveknown about it. Ridiculous. He took a swig of water. It wouldsort itself out, he'd decided, no one wanted a bypass, the councildidn't have a leg to stand on. It would sort itself out.God what a terrible hangover it had earned him though. Helooked at himself in the wardrobe mirror. He stuck out histongue. "Yellow," he thought. The word yellow wanderedthrough his mind in search of something to connect with.8 / DOUGLAS ADAMSFifteen seconds later he was out of the house and lying in front ofa big yellow bulldozer that was advancing up his garden path.Mr L Prosser was, as they say, only human. In other words hewas a carbon-based life form descended from an ape. Morespecifically he was forty, fat and shabby and worked for the localcouncil. Curiously enough, though he didn't know it, he was alsoa direct male-line descendant of Genghis Khan, thoughintervening generations and racial mixing had so juggled hisgenes that he had no discernible Mongoloid characteristics, andthe only vestiges left in Mr L Prosser of his mighty ancestry werea pronounced stoutness about the tum and a predilection forlittle fur hats.He was by no means a great warrior: in fact he was a nervousworried man. Today he was particularly nervous and worriedbecause something had gone seriously wrong with his job - whichwas to see that Arthur Dent's house got cleared out of the waybefore the day was out."Come off it, Mr Dent,", he said, "you can't win you know. Youcan't lie in front of the bulldozer indefinitely." He tried to makehis eyes blaze fiercely but they just wouldn't do it.Arthur lay in the mud and squelched at him."I'm game," he said, "we'll see who rusts first.""I'm afraid you're going to have to accept it," said Mr Prossergripping his fur hat and rolling it round the top of his head, "thisbypass has got to be built and it's going to be built!""First I've heard of it," said Arthur, "why's it going to be built?"Mr Prosser shook his finger at him for a bit, then stopped andput it away again.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /9"What do you mean, why's it got to be built?" he said. "It's abypass. You've got to build bypasses."Bypasses are devices which allow some people to drive frompoint A to point B very fast whilst other people dash from pointB to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a pointdirectly in between, are often given to wonder what's so greatabout point A that so many people of point B are so keen to getthere, and what's so great about point B that so many people ofpoint A are so keen to get there. They often wish that peoplewould just once and for all work out where the hell they wantedto be.Mr Prosser wanted to be at point D. Point D wasn't anywhere inparticular, it was just any convenient point a very long way frompoints A, B and C. He would have a nice little cottage at point D,with axes over the door, and spend a pleasant amount of time atpoint E, which would be the nearest pub to point D. His wife ofcourse wanted climbing roses, but he wanted axes. He didn'tknow why - he just liked axes. He flushed hotly under thederisive grins of the bulldozer drivers.He shifted his weight from foot to foot, but it was equallyuncomfortable on each.Obviously somebody had beenappallingly incompetent and he hoped to God it wasn't him.Mr Prosser said: "You were quite entitled to make anysuggestions or protests at the appropriate time you know.""Appropriate time?" hooted Arthur. "Appropriate time? The firstI knew about it was when a workman arrived at my homeyesterday. I asked him if he'd come to clean the windows and hesaid no he'd come to demolish the house. He didn't tell me10 / DOUGLAS ADAMSstraight away of course. Oh no. First he wiped a couple ofwindows and charged me a fiver. Then he told me.""But Mr Dent, the plans have been available in the local planningoffice for the last nine month.""Oh yes, well as soon as I heard I went straight round to seethem, yesterday afternoon. You hadn't exactly gone out of yourway to call attention to them had you? I mean like actually tellinganybody or anything.""But the plans were on display ...""On display? I eventually had to go down to the cellar to findthem.""That's the display department.""With a torch.""Ah, well the lights had probably gone.""So had the stairs.""But look, you found the notice didn't you?""Yes," said Arthur, "yes I did. It was on display in the bottom of alocked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on thedoor saying Beware of the Leopard."A cloud passed overhead. It cast a shadow over Arthur Dent ashe lay propped up on his elbow in the cold mud. It cast ashadow over Arthur Dent's house. Mr Prosser frowned at it."It's not as if it's a particularly nice house," he said.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /11"I'm sorry, but I happen to like it.""You'll like the bypass.""Oh shut up," said Arthur Dent. "Shut up and go away, and takeyour bloody bypass with you. You haven't got a leg to stand onand you know it."Mr Prosser's mouth opened and closed a couple of times whilehis mind was for a moment filled with inexplicable but terriblyattractive visions of Arthur Dent's house being consumed withfire and Arthur himself running screaming from the blazing ruinwith at least three hefty spears protruding from his back. MrProsser was often bothered with visions like these and they madehim feel very nervous. He stuttered for a moment and thenpulled himself together."Mr Dent," he said."Hello? Yes?" said Arthur."Some factual information for you. Have you any idea how muchdamage that bulldozer would suffer if I just let it roll straightover you?""How much?" said Arthur."None at all," said Mr Prosser, and stormed nervously offwondering why his brain was filled with a thousand hairyhorsemen all shouting at him.By a curious coincidence, None at all is exactly how muchsuspicion the ape-descendant Arthur Dent had that one of hisclosest friends was not descended from an ape, but was in fact12 / DOUGLAS ADAMSfrom a small planet in the vicinity of Betelgeuse and not fromGuildford as he usually claimed.Arthur Dent had never, ever suspected this.This friend of his had first arrived on the planet some fifteenEarth years previously, and he had worked hard to blend himselfinto Earth society - with, it must be said, some success. Forinstance he had spent those fifteen years pretending to be an outof work actor, which was plausible enough.He had made one careless blunder though, because he hadskimped a bit on his preparatory research. The information hehad gathered had led him to choose the name "Ford Prefect" asbeing nicely inconspicuous.He was not conspicuously tall, his features were striking but notconspicuously handsome. His hair was wiry and gingerish andbrushed backwards from the temples. His skin seemed to bepulled backwards from the nose. There was something veryslightly odd about him, but it was difficult to say what it was.Perhaps it was that his eyes didn't blink often enough and whenyou talked to him for any length of time your eyes beganinvoluntarily to water on his behalf. Perhaps it was that hesmiled slightly too broadly and gave people the unnervingimpression that he was about to go for their neck.He struck most of the friends he had made on Earth as aneccentric, but a harmless one -- an unruly boozer with someoddish habits. For instance he would often gatecrash universityparties, get badly drunk and start making fun of anyastrophysicist he could find till he got thrown out.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /13Sometimes he would get seized with oddly distracted moods andstare into the sky as if hypnotized until someone asked him whathe was doing. Then he would start guiltily for a moment, relaxand grin. "Oh, just looking for flying saucers," he would joke andeveryone would laugh and ask him what sort of flying saucers hewas looking for."Green ones!" he would reply with a wicked grin, laugh wildly fora moment and then suddenly lunge for the nearest bar and buyan enormous round of drinks.Evenings like this usually ended badly. Ford would get out of hisskull on whisky, huddle into a corner with some girl and explainto her in slurred phrases that honestly the colour of the flyingsaucers didn't matter that much really.Thereafter, staggering semi-paralytic down the night streets hewould often ask passing policemen if they knew the way toBetelgeuse. The policemen would usually say something like,"Don't you think it's about time you went off home sir?""I'm trying to baby, I'm trying to," is what Ford invariably repliedon these occasions.In fact what he was really looking out for when he stareddistractedly into the night sky was any kind of flying saucer at all.The reason he said green was that green was the traditional spacelivery of the Betelgeuse trading scouts.Ford Prefect was desperate that any flying saucer at all wouldarrive soon because fifteen years was a long time to get strandedanywhere, particularly somewhere as mindboggingly dull as theEarth.14 / DOUGLAS ADAMSFord wished that a flying saucer would arrive soon because heknew how to flag flying saucers down and get lifts from them.He knew how to see the Marvels of the Universe for less thanthirty Altairan dollars a day.In fact, Ford Prefect was a roving researcher for that whollyremarkable book The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy.Human beings are great adaptors, and by lunchtime life in theenvirons of Arthur's house had settled into a steady routine. Itwas Arthur's accepted role to lie squelching in the mud makingoccasional demands to see his lawyer, his mother or a good book;it was Mr Prosser's accepted role to tackle Arthur with theoccasional new ploy such as the For the Public Good talk, theMarch of Progress talk, the They Knocked My House DownOnce You Know, Never Looked Back talk and various othercajoleries and threats; and it was the bulldozer drivers' acceptedrole to sit around drinking coffee and experimenting with unionregulations to see how they could turn the situation to theirfinancial advantage.The Earth moved slowly in its diurnal course.The sun was beginning to dry out the mud Arthur lay in.A shadow moved across him again."Hello Arthur," said the shadow. Arthur looked up and squintinginto the sun was startled to see Ford Prefect standing above him."Ford! Hello, how are you?""Fine," said Ford, "look, are you busy?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /15"Am I busy?" exclaimed Arthur. "Well, I've just got all thesebulldozers and things to lie in front of because they'll knock myhouse down if I don't, but other than that ... well, no notespecially, why?"They don't have sarcasm on Betelgeuse, and Ford Prefect oftenfailed to notice it unless he was concentrating. He said, "Good, isthere anywhere we can talk?""What?" said Arthur Dent.For a few seconds Ford seemed to ignore him, and stared fixedlyinto the sky like a rabbit trying to get run over by a car. Thensuddenly he squatted down beside Arthur."We've got to talk," he said urgently."Fine," said Arthur, "talk.""And drink," said Ford. "It's vitally important that we talk anddrink. Now. We'll go to the pub in the village."He looked into the sky again, nervous, expectant."Look, don't you understand?" shouted Arthur. He pointed atProsser. "That man wants to knock my house down!"Ford glanced at him, puzzled."Well he can do it while you're away can't he?" he asked."But I don't want him to!""Ah.""Look, what's the matter with you Ford?" said Arthur.16 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Nothing. Nothing's the matter. Listen to me - I've got to tellyou the most important thing you've ever heard. I've got to tellyou now, and I've got to tell you in the saloon bar of the Horseand Groom.""But why?""Because you are going to need a very stiff drink."Ford stared at Arthur, and Arthur was astonished to find that hiswill was beginning to weaken. He didn't realize that this wasbecause of an old drinking game that Ford learned to play in thehyperspace ports that served the madranite mining belts in thestar system of Orion Beta. The game was not unlike the Earthgame called Indian Wrestling, and was played like this:Two contestants would sit either side of a table, with a glass infront of each of them.Between them would be placed a bottle of Janx Spirit (asimmortalized in that ancient Orion mining song "Oh don't giveme none more of that Old Janx Spirit/ No, don't you give menone more of that Old Janx Spirit/ For my head will fly, mytongue will lie, my eyes will fry and I may die/ Won't you pourme one more of that sinful Old Janx Spirit").Each of the two contestants would then concentrate their will onthe bottle and attempt to tip it and pour spirit into the glass of hisopponent - who would then have to drink it.The bottle would then be refilled. The game would be playedagain. And again.Once you started to lose you would probably keep losing, becauseone of the effects of Janx spirit is to depress telepsychic power.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /17As soon as a predetermined quantity had been consumed, thefinal loser would have to perform a forfeit, which was usuallyobscenely biological.Ford Prefect usually played to lose.Ford stared at Arthur, who began to think that perhaps he didwant to go to the Horse and Groom after all."But what about my house ...?" he asked plaintively.Ford looked across to Mr Prosser, and suddenly a wickedthought struck him."He wants to knock your house down?""Yes, he wants to build ...""And he can't because you're lying in front of the bulldozers?""Yes, and ...""I'm sure we can come to some arrangement," said Ford. "Excuseme!" he shouted.Mr Prosser (who was arguing with a spokesman for the bulldozerdrivers about whether or not Arthur Dent constituted a mentalhealth hazard, and how much they should get paid if he did)looked around. He was surprised and slightly alarmed to findthat Arthur had company."Yes? Hello?" he called. "Has Mr Dent come to his senses yet?""Can we for the moment," called Ford, "assume that he hasn't?""Well?" sighed Mr Prosser.18 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"And can we also assume," said Ford, "that he's going to bestaying here all day?""So?""So all your men are going to be standing around all day doingnothing?""Could be, could be ...""Well, if you're resigned to doing that anyway, you don't actuallyneed him to lie here all the time do you?""What?""You don't," said Ford patiently, "actually need him here."Mr Prosser thought about this."Well no, not as such...", he said, "not exactly need ..." Prosser wasworried. He thought that one of them wasn't making a lot ofsense.Ford said, "So if you would just like to take it as read that he'sactually here, then he and I could slip off down to the pub forhalf an hour. How does that sound?"Mr Prosser thought it sounded perfectly potty."That sounds perfectly reasonable," he said in a reassuring toneof voice, wondering who he was trying to reassure."And if you want to pop off for a quick one yourself later on," saidFord, "we can always cover up for you in return."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /19"Thank you very much," said Mr Prosser who no longer knewhow to play this at all, "thank you very much, yes, that's very kind..." He frowned, then smiled, then tried to do both at once, failed,grasped hold of his fur hat and rolled it fitfully round the top ofhis head. He could only assume that he had just won."So," continued Ford Prefect, "if you would just like to come overhere and lie down ...""What?" said Mr Prosser."Ah, I'm sorry," said Ford, "perhaps I hadn't made myself fullyclear. Somebody's got to lie in front of the bulldozers haven'tthey? Or there won't be anything to stop them driving into MrDent's house will there?""What?" said Mr Prosser again."It's very simple," said Ford, "my client, Mr Dent, says that he willstop lying here in the mud on the sole condition that you comeand take over from him." "What are you talking about?" saidArthur, but Ford nudged him with his shoe to be quiet."You want me," said Mr Prosser, spelling out this new thought tohimself, "to come and lie there ...""Yes.""In front of the bulldozer?""Yes.""Instead of Mr Dent.""Yes."20 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"In the mud.""In, as you say it, the mud."As soon as Mr Prosser realized that he was substantially the loserafter all, it was as if a weight lifted itself off his shoulders: this wasmore like the world as he knew it. He sighed."In return for which you will take Mr Dent with you down to thepub?""That's it," said Ford. "That's it exactly."Mr Prosser took a few nervous steps forward and stopped."Promise?""Promise," said Ford. He turned to Arthur."Come on," he said to him, "get up and let the man lie down."Arthur stood up, feeling as if he was in a dream.Ford beckoned to Prosser who sadly, awkwardly, sat down in themud. He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and hesometimes wondered whose it was and whether they wereenjoying it. The mud folded itself round his bottom and his armsand oozed into his shoes.Ford looked at him severely."And no sneaky knocking down Mr Dent's house whilst he's away,alright?" he said.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /21"The mere thought," growled Mr Prosser, "hadn't even begun tospeculate," he continued, settling himself back, "about the merestpossibility of crossing my mind."He saw the bulldozer driver's union representative approachingand let his head sink back and closed his eyes. He was trying tomarshal his arguments for proving that he did not now constitutea mental health hazard himself. He was far from certain aboutthis - his mind seemed to be full of noise, horses, smoke, and thestench of blood. This always happened when he felt miserableand put upon, and he had never been able to explain it tohimself. In a high dimension of which we know nothing themighty Khan bellowed with rage, but Mr Prosser only trembledslightly and whimpered. He began to fell little pricks of waterbehind the eyelids. Bureaucratic cock-ups, angry men lying inthe mud, indecipherable strangers handing out inexplicablehumiliations and an unidentified army of horsemen laughing athim in his head - what a day.What a day. Ford Prefect knew that it didn't matter a pair ofdingo's kidneys whether Arthur's house got knocked down or notnow.Arthur remained very worried."But can we trust him?" he said."Myself I'd trust him to the end of the Earth," said Ford."Oh yes," said Arthur, "and how far's that?""About twelve minutes away," said Ford, "come on, I need adrink."22 / DOUGLAS ADAMSHere's what the Encyclopedia Galactica has to say about alcohol.It says that alcohol is a colourless volatile liquid formed by thefermentation of sugars and also notes its intoxicating effect oncertain carbon-based life forms.The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy also mentions alcohol. Itsays that the best drink in existence is the Pan Galactic GargleBlaster.It says that the effect of a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is likehaving your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrappedround a large gold brick.The Guide also tells you on which planets the best Pan GalacticGargle Blasters are mixed, how much you can expect to pay forone and what voluntary organizations exist to help yourehabilitate afterwards.The Guide even tells you how you can mix one yourself.Take the juice from one bottle of that Ol' Janx Spirit, it says.Pour into it one measure of water from the seas of Santraginus V- Oh that Santraginean sea water, it says. Oh those Santragineanfish!!!Allow three cubes of Arcturan Mega-gin to melt into the mixture(it must be properly iced or the benzine is lost).Allow four litres of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it, inmemory of all those happy Hikers who have died of pleasure inthe Marshes of Fallia.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /23Over the back of a silver spoon float a measure of QualactinHypermint extract, redolent of all the heady odours of the darkQualactin Zones, subtle sweet and mystic.Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger. Watch it dissolve,spreading the fires of the Algolian Suns deep into the heart of thedrink.Sprinkle Zamphuor.Add an olive.Drink ... but ... very carefully ...The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy sells rather better thanthe Encyclopedia Galactica."Six pints of bitter," said Ford Prefect to the barman of the Horseand Groom. "And quickly please, the world's about to end."The barman of the Horse and Groom didn't deserve this sort oftreatment, he was a dignified old man. He pushed his glasses uphis nose and blinked at Ford Prefect. Ford ignored him andstared out of the window, so the barman looked instead at Arthurwho shrugged helplessly and said nothing.So the barman said, "Oh yes sir? Nice weather for it," and startedpulling pints.He tried again."Going to watch the match this afternoon then?"Ford glanced round at him."No, no point," he said, and looked back out of the window.24 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"What's that, foregone conclusion then you reckon sir?" said thebarman. "Arsenal without a chance?""No, no," said Ford, "it's just that the world's about to end.""Oh yes sir, so you said," said the barman, looking over his glassesthis time at Arthur. "Lucky escape for Arsenal if it did."Ford looked back at him, genuinely surprised."No, not really," he said. He frowned.The barman breathed in heavily. "There you are sir, six pints,"he said.Arthur smiled at him wanly and shrugged again. He turned andsmiled wanly at the rest of the pub just in case any of them hadheard what was going on. None of them had, and none of themcould understand what he was smiling at them for.A man sitting next to Ford at the bar looked at the two men,looked at the six pints, did a swift burst of mental arithmetic,arrived at an answer he liked and grinned a stupid hopeful grinat them."Get off," said Ford, "They're ours," giving him a look that wouldhave an Algolian Suntiger get on with what it was doing.Ford slapped a five-pound note on the bar. He said, "Keep thechange.""What, from a fiver? Thank you sir." "You've got ten minutes leftto spend it."The barman simply decided to walk away for a bit.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /25"Ford," said Arthur, "would you please tell me what the hell isgoing on?""Drink up," said Ford, "you've got three pints to get through.""Three pints?" said Arthur. "At lunchtime?"The man next to ford grinned and nodded happily. Fordignored him. He said, "Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doublyso.""Very deep," said Arthur, "you should send that in to the Reader'sDigest. They've got a page for people like you.""Drink up.""Why three pints all of a sudden?""Muscle relaxant, you'll need it.""Muscle relaxant?""Muscle relaxant."Arthur stared into his beer."Did I do anything wrong today," he said, "or has the worldalways been like this and I've been too wrapped up in myself tonotice?""Alright," said Ford, "I'll try to explain. How long have we knowneach other?""How long?" Arthur thought. "Er, about five years, maybe six,"he said. "Most of it seemed to make some sense at the time."26 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Alright," said Ford. "How would you react if I said that I'm notfrom Guildford after all, but from a small planet somewhere inthe vicinity of Betelgeuse?" Arthur shrugged in a so-so sort ofway."I don't know," he said, taking a pull of beer. "Why - do youthink it's the sort of thing you're likely to say?"Ford gave up. It really wasn't worth bothering at the moment,what with the world being about to end. He just said:"Drink up."He added, perfectly factually:"The world's about to end."Arthur gave the rest of the pub another wan smile. The rest ofthe pub frowned at him. A man waved at him to stop smiling atthem and mind his own business."This must be Thursday," said Arthur musing to himself, sinkinglow over his beer, "I never could get the hang of Thursdays."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /27On this particular Thursday, something was moving quietlythrough the ionosphere many miles above the surface of theplanet; several somethings in fact, several dozen huge yellowchunky slablike somethings, huge as office buildings, silent asbirds. They soared with ease, basking in electromagnetic raysfrom the star Sol, biding their time, grouping, preparing.The planet beneath them was almost perfectly oblivious of theirpresence, which was just how they wanted it for the moment.The huge yellow somethings went unnoticed at Goonhilly, theypassed over Cape Canaveral without a blip, Woomera and JodrellBank looked straight through them - which was a pity because itwas exactly the sort of thing they'd been looking for all theseyears.The only place they registered at all was on a small black devicecalled a Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic which winked away quietly toitself. It nestled in the darkness inside a leather satchel whichFord Prefect wore habitually round his neck. The contents ofFord Prefect's satchel were quite interesting in fact and wouldhave made any Earth physicist's eyes pop out of his head, whichis why he always concealed them by keeping a couple of dog-eared scripts for plays he pretended he was auditioning forstuffed in the top. Besides the Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic and thescripts he had an Electronic Thumb - a short squat black rod,smooth and matt with a couple of flat switches and dials at oneend; he also had a device which looked rather like a largishelectronic calculator. This had about a hundred tiny flat pressbuttons and a screen about four inches square on which any oneof a million "pages" could be summoned at a moment's notice. Itlooked insanely complicated, and this was one of the reasons whythe snug plastic cover it fitted into had the words Don't Panicprinted on it in large friendly letters. The other reason was that28 / DOUGLAS ADAMSthis device was in fact that most remarkable of all books ever tocome out of the great publishing corporations of Ursa Minor -The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The reason why it waspublished in the form of a micro sub meson electroniccomponent is that if it were printed in normal book form, aninterstellar hitch hiker would require several inconvenientlylarge buildings to carry it around in.Beneath that in Ford Prefect's satchel were a few biros, anotepad, and a largish bath towel from Marks and Spencer.The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say onthe subject of towels.A towel, it says, is about the most massively useful thing aninterstellar hitch hiker can have. Partly it has great practicalvalue - you can wrap it around you for warmth as you boundacross the cold moons of Jaglan Beta; you can lie on it on thebrilliant marble-sanded beaches of Santraginus V, inhaling theheady sea vapours; you can sleep under it beneath the starswhich shine so redly on the desert world of Kakrafoon; use it tosail a mini raft down the slow heavy river Moth; wet it for use inhand-to- hand-combat; wrap it round your head to ward offnoxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the Ravenous BugblatterBeast of Traal (a mindboggingly stupid animal, it assumes that ifyou can't see it, it can't see you - daft as a bush, but veryravenous); you can wave your towel in emergencies as a distresssignal, and of course dry yourself off with it if it still seems to beclean enough.More importantly, a towel has immense psychological value. Forsome reason, if a strag (strag: non-hitch hiker) discovers that ahitch hiker has his towel with him, he will automatically assumethat he is also in possession of a toothbrush, face flannel, soap, tinTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /29of biscuits, flask, compass, map, ball of string, gnat spray, wetweather gear, space suit etc., etc. Furthermore, the strag willthen happily lend the hitch hiker any of these or a dozen otheritems that the hitch hiker might accidentally have "lost". Whatthe strag will think is that any man who can hitch the length andbreadth of the galaxy, rough it, slum it, struggle against terribleodds, win through, and still knows where his towel is is clearly aman to be reckoned with.Hence a phrase which has passed into hitch hiking slang, as in"Hey, you sass that hoopy Ford Prefect? There's a frood whoreally knows where his towel is." (Sass: know, be aware of, meet,have sex with; hoopy: really together guy; frood: really amazinglytogether guy.)Nestling quietly on top of the towel in Ford Prefect's satchel, theSub-Etha Sens-O-Matic began to wink more quickly. Miles abovethe surface of the planet the huge yellow somethings began to fanout. At Jodrell Bank, someone decided it was time for a nicerelaxing cup of tea."You got a towel with you?" said Ford Prefect suddenly to Arthur.Arthur, struggling through his third pint, looked round at him."Why? What, no ... should I have?" He had given up beingsurprised, there didn't seem to be any point any longer.Ford clicked his tongue in irritation."Drink up," he urged.At that moment the dull sound of a rumbling crash from outsidefiltered through the low murmur of the pub, through the sound30 / DOUGLAS ADAMSof the jukebox, through the sound of the man next to Fordhiccupping over the whisky Ford had eventually bought him.Arthur choked on his beer, leapt to his feet."What's that?" he yelped."Don't worry," said Ford, "they haven't started yet.""Thank God for that," said Arthur and relaxed."It's probably just your house being knocked down," said Ford,drowning his last pint."What?" shouted Arthur. Suddenly Ford's spell was broken.Arthur looked wildly around him and ran to the window."My God they are! They're knocking my house down. What thehell am I doing in the pub, Ford?""It hardly makes any difference at this stage," said Ford, "let themhave their fun.""Fun?" yelped Arthur. "Fun!" He quickly checked out of thewindow again that they were talking about the same thing."Damn their fun!" he hooted and ran out of the pub furiouslywaving a nearly empty beer glass. He made no friends at all inthe pub that lunchtime."Stop, you vandals! You home wreckers!" bawled Arthur. "Youhalf crazed Visigoths, stop will you!"Ford would have to go after him. Turning quickly to the barmanhe asked for four packets of peanuts.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /31"There you are sir," said the barman, slapping the packets on thebar, "twenty-eight pence if you'd be so kind."Ford was very kind - he gave the barman another five-poundnote and told him to keep the change. The barman looked at itand then looked at Ford. He suddenly shivered: he experienceda momentary sensation that he didn't understand because no oneon Earth had ever experienced it before. In moments of greatstress, every life form that exists gives out a tiny sublimal signal.This signal simply communicates an exact and almost patheticsense of how far that being is from the place of his birth. OnEarth it is never possible to be further than sixteen thousandmiles from your birthplace, which really isn't very far, so suchsignals are too minute to be noticed. Ford Prefect was at thismoment under great stress, and he was born 600 light years awayin the near vicinity of Betelgeuse.The barman reeled for a moment, hit by a shocking,incomprehensible sense of distance. He didn't know what itmeant, but he looked at Ford Prefect with a new sense of respect,almost awe."Are you serious, sir?" he said in a small whisper which had theeffect of silencing the pub. "You think the world's going to end?""Yes," said Ford."But, this afternoon?"Ford had recovered himself. He was at his flippest."Yes," he said gaily, "in less than two minutes I would estimate."The barman couldn't believe the conversation he was having, buthe couldn't believe the sensation he had just had either.32 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Isn't there anything we can do about it then?" he said."No, nothing," said Ford, stuffing the peanuts into his pockets.Someone in the hushed bar suddenly laughed raucously at howstupid everyone had become.The man sitting next to Ford was a bit sozzled by now. His eyeswaved their way up to Ford."I thought," he said, "that if the world was going to end we weremeant to lie down or put a paper bag over our head orsomething.""If you like, yes," said Ford."That's what they told us in the army," said the man, and his eyesbegan the long trek back down to his whisky."Will that help?" asked the barman."No," said Ford and gave him a friendly smile. "Excuse me," hesaid, "I've got to go." With a wave, he left.The pub was silent for a moment longer, and then,embarrassingly enough, the man with the raucous laugh did itagain. The girl he had dragged along to the pub with him hadgrown to loathe him dearly over the last hour or so, and it wouldprobably have been a great satisfaction to her to know that in aminute and a half or so he would suddenly evaporate into a whiffof hydrogen, ozone and carbon monoxide. However, when themoment came she would be too busy evaporating herself tonotice it.The barman cleared his throat. He heard himself say:THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /33"Last orders, please." The huge yellow machines began to sinkdownward and to move faster.Ford knew they were there. This wasn't the way he had wantedit.Running up the lane, Arthur had nearly reached his house. Hedidn't notice how cold it had suddenly become, he didn't noticethe wind, he didn't notice the sudden irrational squall of rain.He didn't notice anything but the caterpillar bulldozers crawlingover the rubble that had been his home."You barbarians!" he yelled. "I'll sue the council for every pennyit's got! I'll have you hung, drawn and quartered! And whipped!And boiled ... until ... until ... until you've had enough."Ford was running after him very fast. Very very fast."And then I'll do it again!" yelled Arthur. "And when I've finishedI will take all the little bits, and I will jump on them!"Arthur didn't notice that the men were running from thebulldozers; he didn't notice that Mr Prosser was staring hecticallyinto the sky. What Mr Prosser had noticed was that huge yellowsomethings were screaming through the clouds. Impossibly hugeyellow somethings."And I will carry on jumping on them," yelled Arthur, stillrunning, "until I get blisters, or I can think of anything evenmore unpleasant to do, and then ..."Arthur tripped, and fell headlong, rolled and landed flat on hisback. At last he noticed that something was going on. His fingershot upwards.34 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"What the hell's that?" he shrieked.Whatever it was raced across the sky in monstrous yellowness,tore the sky apart with mind-buggering noise and leapt off intothe distance leaving the gaping air to shut behind it with a bangthat drove your ears six feet into your skull.Another one followed and did the same thing only louder.It's difficult to say exactly what the people on the surface of theplanet were doing now, because they didn't really know whatthey were doing themselves. None of it made a lot of sense -running into houses, running out of houses, howling noiselesslyat the noise. All around the world city streets exploded withpeople, cars slewed into each other as the noise fell on them andthen rolled off like a tidal wave over hills and valleys, deserts andoceans, seeming to flatten everything it hit.Only one man stood and watched the sky, stood with terriblesadness in his eyes and rubber bungs in his ears. He knewexactly what was happening and had known ever since his Sub-Etha Sens-O- Matic had started winking in the dead of nightbeside his pillar and woken him with a start. It was what he hadwaited for all these years, but when he had deciphered the signalpattern sitting alone in his small dark room a coldness hadgripped him and squeezed his heart. Of all the races in all of theGalaxy who could have come and said a big hello to planet Earth,he thought, didn't it just have to be the Vogons.Still he knew what he had to do. As the Vogon craft screamedthrough the air high above him he opened his satchel. He threwaway a copy of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat,he threw away a copy of Godspell: He wouldn't need them wherehe was going. Everything was ready, everything was prepared.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /35He knew where his towel was.A sudden silence hit the Earth. If anything it was worse than thenoise. For a while nothing happened.The great ships hung motionless in the air, over every nation onEarth. Motionless they hung, huge, heavy, steady in the sky, ablasphemy against nature. Many people went straight into shockas their minds tried to encompass what they were looking at.The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricksdon't.And still nothing happened.Then there was a slight whisper, a sudden spacious whisper ofopen ambient sound. Every hi fi set in the world, every radio,every television, every cassette recorder, every woofer, everytweeter, every mid-range driver in the world quietly turned itselfon.Every tin can, every dust bin, every window, every car, everywine glass, every sheet of rusty metal became activated as anacoustically perfect sounding board.Before the Earth passed away it was going to be treated to thevery ultimate in sound reproduction, the greatest public addresssystem ever built. But there was no concert, no music, nofanfare, just a simple message."People of Earth, your attention please," a voice said, and it waswonderful.Wonderful perfect quadrophonic sound withdistortion levels so low as to make a brave man weep."This is Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz of the Galactic HyperspacePlanning Council," the voice continued. "As you will no doubt be36 / DOUGLAS ADAMSaware, the plans for development of the outlying regions of theGalaxy require the building of a hyperspatial express routethrough your star system, and regrettably your planet is one ofthose scheduled for demolition. The process will take slightly lessthat two of your Earth minutes. Thank you."The PA died away.Uncomprehending terror settled on the watching people ofEarth. The terror moved slowly through the gathered crowds asif they were iron fillings on a sheet of board and a magnet wasmoving beneath them. Panic sprouted again, desperate fleeingpanic, but there was nowhere to flee to. Observing this, theVogons turned on their PA again. It said:"There's no point in acting all surprised about it. All theplanning charts and demolition orders have been on display inyour local planning department on Alpha Centauri for fifty ofyour Earth years, so you've had plenty of time to lodge anyformal complaint and it's far too late to start making a fuss aboutit now."The PA fell silent again and its echo drifted off across the land.The huge ships turned slowly in the sky with easy power. On theunderside of each a hatchway opened, an empty black space.By this time somebody somewhere must have manned a radiotransmitter, located a wavelength and broadcasted a messageback to the Vogon ships, to plead on behalf of the planet.Nobody ever heard what they said, they only heard the reply.The PA slammed back into life again. The voice was annoyed. Itsaid:THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /37"What do you mean you've never been to Alpha Centauri? Forheaven's sake mankind, it's only four light years away you know.I'm sorry, but if you can't be bothered to take an interest in localaffairs that's your own lookout."Energize the demolition beams."Light poured out into the hatchways."I don't know," said the voice on the PA, "apathetic bloody planet,I've no sympathy at all." It cut off.There was a terrible ghastly silence.There was a terrible ghastly noise.There was a terrible ghastly silence.The Vogon Constructor fleet coasted away into the inky starryvoid.38 / DOUGLAS ADAMSFar away on the opposite spiral arm of the Galaxy, five hundredthousand light years from the star Sol, Zaphod Beeblebrox,President of the Imperial Galactic Government, sped across theseas of Damogran, his ion drive delta boat winking and flashingin the Damogran sun.Damogran the hot; Damogran the remote; Damogran the almosttotally unheard of.Damogran, secret home of the Heart of Gold.The boat sped on across the water. It would be some time beforeit reached its destination because Damogran is such aninconveniently arranged planet. It consists of nothing butmiddling to large desert islands separated by very pretty butannoyingly wide stretches of ocean.The boat sped on.Because of this topological awkwardness Damogran has alwaysremained a deserted planet. This is why the Imperial GalacticGovernment chose Damogran for the Heart of Gold project,because it was so deserted and the Heart of Gold was so secret.The boat zipped and skipped across the sea, the sea that laybetween the main islands of the only archipelago of any usefulsize on the whole planet. Zaphod Beeblebrox was on his wayfrom the tiny spaceport on Easter Island (the name was anentirely meaningless coincidence - in Galacticspeke, easter meanssmall flat and light brown) to the Heart of Gold island, which byanother meaningless coincidence was called France.One of the side effects of work on the Heart of Gold was a wholestring of pretty meaningless coincidences.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /39But it was not in any way a coincidence that today, the day ofculmination of the project, the great day of unveiling, the daythat the Heart of Gold was finally to be introduced to amarvelling Galaxy, was also a great day of culmination forZaphod Beeblebrox. It was for the sake of this day that he hadfirst decided to run for the Presidency, a decision which had sentwaves of astonishment throughout the Imperial Galaxy - ZaphodBeeblebrox? President? Not the Zaphod Beeblebrox? Not thePresident? Many had seen it as a clinching proof that the wholeof known creation had finally gone bananas.Zaphod grinned and gave the boat an extra kick of speed.Zaphod Beeblebrox, adventurer, ex-hippy, good timer, (crook?quite possibly), manic self-publicist, terribly bad at personalrelationships, often thought to be completely out to lunch.President?No one had gone bananas, not in that way at least.Only six people in the entire Galaxy understood the principle onwhich the Galaxy was governed, and they knew that onceZaphod Beeblebrox had announced his intention to run asPresident it was more or less a fait accompli: he was the idealPresidency fodder*.What they completely failed to understand was why Zaphod wasdoing it.He banked sharply, shooting a wild wall of water at the sun.Today was the day; today was the day when they would realizewhat Zaphod had been up to. Today was what ZaphodBeeblebrox's Presidency was all about. Today was also his two40 / DOUGLAS ADAMShundredth birthday, but that was just another meaninglesscoincidence.As he skipped his boat across the seas of Damogran he smiledquietly to himself about what a wonderful exciting day it wasgoing to be. He relaxed and spread his two arms lazily across theseat back. He steered with an extra arm he'd recently fitted justbeneath his right one to help improve his ski-boxing."Hey," he cooed to himself, "you're a real cool boy you." But hisnerves sang a song shriller than a dog whistle.The island of France was about twenty miles long, five milesacross the middle, sandy and crescent shaped. In fact it seemedto exist not so much as an island in its own right as simply ameans of defining the sweep and curve of a huge bay. Thisimpression was heightened by the fact that the inner coastline ofthe crescent consisted almost entirely of steep cliffs. From thetop of the cliff the land sloped slowly down five miles to theopposite shore.On top of the cliffs stood a reception committee.It consisted in large part of the engineers and researchers whohad built the Heart of Gold - mostly humanoid, but here andthere were a few reptiloid atomineers, two or three green slyph-like maximegalacticans, an octopoid physucturalist or two and aHooloovoo (a Hooloovoo is a super-intelligent shade of the colorblue). All except the Hooloovoo were resplendent in their multi-colored ceremonial lab coats; the Hooloovoo had beentemporarily refracted into a free standing prism for the occasion.There was a mood of immense excitement thrilling through all ofthem. Together and between them they had gone to and beyondTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /41the furthest limits of physical laws, restructured the fundamentalfabric of matter, strained, twisted and broken the laws ofpossibility and impossibility, but still the greatest excitement of allseemed to be to meet a man with an orange sash round his neck.(An orange sash was what the President of the Galaxytraditionally wore.) It might not even have made much differenceto them if they'd known exactly how much power the Presidentof the Galaxy actually wielded: none at all. Only six people in theGalaxy knew that the job of the Galactic President was not towield power but to attract attention away from it.Zaphod Beeblebrox was amazingly good at his job.The crowd gasped, dazzled by sun and seemanship, as thePresidential speedboat zipped round the headland into the bay.It flashed and shone as it came skating over the sea in wideskidding turns.In fact it didn't need to touch the water at all, because it wassupported on a hazy cushion of ionized atoms - but just for effectit was fitted with thin finblades which could be lowered into thewater. They slashed sheets of water hissing into the air, carveddeep gashes into the sea which swayed crazily and sank backfoaming into the boat's wake as it careered across the bay.Zaphod loved effect: it was what he was best at.He twisted the wheel sharply, the boat slewed round in a wildscything skid beneath the cliff face and dropped to rest lightly onthe rocking waves.Within seconds he ran out onto the deck and waved and grinnedat over three billion people. The three billion people weren'tactually there, but they watched his every gesture through the42 / DOUGLAS ADAMSeyes of a small robot tri-D camera which hovered obsequiously inthe air nearby. The antics of the President always madeamazingly popular tri-D; that's what they were for.He grinned again. Three billion and six people didn't know it,but today would be a bigger antic than anyone had bargainedfor.The robot camera homed in for a close up on the more popularof his two heads and he waved again. He was roughly humanoidin appearance except for the extra head and third arm. His fairtousled hair stuck out in random directions, his blue eyes glintedwith something completely unidentifiable, and his chins werealmost always unshaven.A twenty-foot-high transparent globe floated next to his boat,rolling and bobbing, glistening in the brilliant sun. Inside itfloated a wide semi-circular sofa upholstered in glorious redleather: the more the globe bobbed and rolled, the more the sofastayed perfectly still, steady as an upholstered rock. Again, alldone for effect as much as anything.Zaphod stepped through the wall of the globe and relaxed on thesofa. He spread his two arms lazily along the back and with thethird brushed some dust off his knee. His heads looked about,smiling; he put his feet up. At any moment, he thought, hemight scream.Water boiled up beneath the bubble, it seethed and spouted.The bubble surged into the air, bobbing and rolling on the waterspout. Up, up it climbed, throwing stilts of light at the cliff. Upit surged on the jet, the water falling from beneath it, crashingback into the sea hundreds of feet below.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /43Zaphod smiled, picturing himself.A thoroughly ridiculous form of transport, but a thoroughlybeautiful one.At the top of the cliff the globe wavered for a moment, tipped onto a railed ramp, rolled down it to a small concave platform andriddled to a halt.To tremendous applause Zaphod Beeblebrox stepped out of thebubble, his orange sash blazing in the light.The President of the Galaxy had arrived.He waited for the applause to die down, then raised his hands ingreeting."Hi," he said.A government spider sidled up to him and attempted to press acopy of his prepared speech into his hands. Pages three to sevenof the original version were at the moment floating soggily on theDamogran sea some five miles out from the bay. Pages one andtwo had been salvaged by a Damogran Frond Crested Eagle andhad already become incorporated into an extraordinary newform of nest which the eagle had invented. It was constructedlargely of papier m@ch@ and it was virtually impossible for anewly hatched baby eagle to break out of it. The DamogranFrond Crested Eagle had heard of the notion of survival of thespecies but wanted no truck with it.Zaphod Beeblebrox would not be needing his set speech and hegently deflected the one being offered him by the spider."Hi," he said again.44 / DOUGLAS ADAMSEveryone beamed at him, or, at least, nearly everyone. Hesingled out Trillian from the crowd. Trillian was a gird thatZaphod had picked up recently whilst visiting a planet, just forfun, incognito. She was slim, darkish, humanoid, with longwaves of black hair, a full mouth, an odd little nob of a nose andridiculously brown eyes. With her red head scarf knotted in thatparticular way and her long flowing silky brown dress she lookedvaguely Arabic. Not that anyone there had ever heard of an Arabof course. The Arabs had very recently ceased to exist, and evenwhen they had existed they were five hundred thousand lightyears from Damogran. Trillian wasn't anybody in particular, orso Zaphod claimed. She just went around with him rather a lotand told him what she thought of him."Hi honey," he said to her.She flashed him a quick tight smile and looked away. Then shelooked back for a moment and smiled more warmly - but by thistime he was looking at something else."Hi," he said to a small knot of creatures from the press who werestanding nearby wishing that he would stop saying Hi and get onwith the quotes. He grinned at them particularly because heknew that in a few moments he would be giving them one hell ofa quote.The next thing he said though was not a lot of use to them. Oneof the officials of the party had irritably decided that thePresident was clearly not in a mood to read the deliciously turnedspeech that had been written for him, and had flipped the switchon the remote control device in his pocket. Away in front ofthem a huge white dome that bulged against the sky crackeddown in the middle, split, and slowly folded itself down into theTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /45ground. Everyone gasped although they had known perfectlywell it was going to do that because they had built it that way.Beneath it lay uncovered a huge starship, one hundred and fiftymetres long, shaped like a sleek running shoe, perfectly whiteand mindboggingly beautiful. At the heart of it, unseen, lay asmall gold box which carried within it the most brain-wretchingdevice ever conceived, a device which made this starship uniquein the history of the galaxy, a device after which the ship hadbeen named - The Heart of Gold. "Wow", said ZaphodBeeblebrox to the Heart of Gold. There wasn't much else hecould say.He said it again because he knew it would annoy the press."Wow."The crowd turned their faces back towards him expectantly. Hewinked at Trillian who raised her eyebrows and widened hereyes at him. She knew what he was about to say and thought hima terrible showoff."That is really amazing," he said. "That really is truly amazing.That is so amazingly amazing I think I'd like to steal it."A marvellous Presidential quote, absolutely true to form. Thecrowd laughed appreciatively, the newsmen gleefully punchedbuttons on their Sub-Etha News-Matics and the Presidentgrinned.As he grinned his heart screamed unbearably and he fingeredthe small Paralyso-Matic bomb that nestled quietly in his pocket.Finally he could bear it no more. He lifted his heads up to thesky, let out a wild whoop in major thirds, threw the bomb to the46 / DOUGLAS ADAMSground and ran forward through the sea of suddenly frozensmiles.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /47Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz was not a pleasant sight, even for otherVogons. His highly domed nose rose high above a small piggyforehead. His dark green rubbery skin was thick enough for himto play the game of Vogon Civil Service politics, and play it well,and waterproof enough for him to survive indefinitely at seadepths of up to a thousand feet with no ill effects.Not that he ever went swimming of course. His busy schedulewould not allow it. He was the way he was because billions ofyears ago when the Vogons had first crawled out of the sluggishprimeval seas of Vogsphere, and had lain panting and heavingon the planet's virgin shores... when the first rays of the brightyoung Vogsol sun had shone across them that morning, it was asif the forces of evolution ad simply given up on them there andthen, had turned aside in disgust and written them off as an uglyand unfortunate mistake. They never evolved again; they shouldnever have survived.The fact that they did is some kind of tribute to the thick- willedslug-brained stubbornness of these creatures. Evolution? theysaid to themselves, Who needs it?, and what nature refused to dofor them they simply did without until such time as they wereable to rectify the grosser anatomical inconveniences withsurgery.Meanwhile, the natural forces on the planet Vogsphere had beenworking overtime to make up for their earlier blunder. Theybrought forth scintillating jewelled scuttling crabs, which theVogons ate, smashing their shells with iron mallets; tall aspiringtrees with breathtaking slenderness and colour which the Vogonscut down and burned the crab meat with; elegant gazelle- likecreatures with silken coats and dewy eyes which the Vogonswould catch and sit on. They were no use as transport because48 / DOUGLAS ADAMStheir backs would snap instantly, but the Vogons sat on themanyway.Thus the planet Vogsphere whiled away the unhappy millenniauntil the Vogons suddenly discovered the principles ofinterstellar travel. Within a few short Vog years every last Vogonhad migrated to the Megabrantis cluster, the political hub of theGalaxy and now formed the immensely powerful backbone of theGalactic Civil Service. They have attempted to acquire learning,they have attempted to acquire style and social grace, but in mostrespects the modern Vogon is little different from his primitiveforebears.Every year they import twenty-seven thousandscintillating jewelled scuttling crabs from their native planet andwhile away a happy drunken night smashing them to bits withiron mallets.Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz was a fairly typical Vogon in that he wasthoroughly vile. Also, he did not like hitch hikers.Somewhere in a small dark cabin buried deep in the intestines ofProstetnic Vogon Jeltz's flagship, a small match flared nervously.The owner of the match was not a Vogon, but he knew all aboutthem and was right to be nervous. His name was Ford Prefect*.He looked about the cabin but could see very little; strangemonstrous shadows loomed and leaped with the tiny flickeringflame, but all was quiet. He breathed a silent thank you to theDentrassis. The Dentrassis are an unruly tribe of gourmands, awild but pleasant bunch whom the Vogons had recently taken toemploying as catering staff on their long haul fleets, on the strictunderstanding that they keep themselves very much tothemselves.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /49This suited the Dentrassis fine, because they loved Vogon money,which is one of the hardest currencies in space, but loathed theVogons themselves. The only sort of Vogon a Dentrassi liked tosee was an annoyed Vogon.It was because of this tiny piece of information that Ford Prefectwas not now a whiff of hydrogen, ozone and carbon monoxide.He heard a slight groan. By the light of the match he saw aheavy shape moving slightly on the floor. Quickly he shook thematch out, reached in his pocket, found what he was looking forand took it out. He crouched on the floor. The shape movedagain.Ford Prefect said: "I bought some peanuts."Arthur Dent moved, and groaned again, muttering incoherently."Here, have some," urged Ford, shaking the packet again, "ifyou've never been through a matter transference beam beforeyou've probably lost some salt and protein. The beer you hadshould have cushioned your system a bit." "Whhhrrrr..." saidArthur Dent. He opened his eyes."It's dark," he said."Yes," said Ford Prefect, "it's dark.""No light," said Arthur Dent. "Dark, no light."One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest tounderstand about human beings was their habit of continuallystating and repeating the obvious, as in It's a nice day, or You'revery tall, or Oh dear you seem to have fallen down a thirty-footwell, are you alright? At first Ford had formed a theory to50 / DOUGLAS ADAMSaccount for this strange behaviour. If human beings don't keepexercising their lips, he thought, their mouths probably seize up.After a few months' consideration and observation he abandonedthis theory in favour of a new one. If they don't keep onexercising their lips, he thought, their brains start working. Aftera while he abandoned this one as well as being obstructivelycynical and decided he quite liked human beings after all, but healways remained desperately worried about the terrible numberof things they didn't know about."Yes," he agreed with Arthur, "no light." He helped Arthur tosome peanuts. "How do you feel?" he asked."Like a military academy," said Arthur, "bits of me keep onpassing out."Ford stared at him blankly in the darkness."If I asked you where the hell we were," said Arthur weakly,"would I regret it?"Ford stood up. "We're safe," he said."Oh good," said Arthur."We're in a small galley cabin," said Ford, "in one of thespaceships of the Vogon Constructor Fleet.""Ah," said Arthur, "this is obviously some strange usage of theword safe that I wasn't previously aware of."Ford struck another match to help him search for a light switch.Monstrous shadows leaped and loomed again. Arthur struggledto his feet and hugged himself apprehensively. Hideous alienshapes seemed to throng about him, the air was thick with mustyTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /51smells which sidled into his lungs without identifying themselves,and a low irritating hum kept his brain from focusing."How did we get here?" he asked, shivering slightly."We hitched a lift," said Ford."Excuse me?" said Arthur. "Are you trying to tell me that we juststuck out our thumbs and some green bug-eyed monster stuckhis head out and said, Hi fellas, hop right in. I can take you asfar as the Basingstoke roundabout?""Well," said Ford, "the Thumb's an electronic sub-etha signallingdevice, the roundabout's at Barnard's Star six light years away,but otherwise, that's more or less right.""And the bug-eyed monster?""Is green, yes.""Fine," said Arthur, "when can I get home?""You can't," said Ford Prefect, and found the light switch."Shade your eyes ..." he said, and turned it on.Even Ford was surprised."Good grief," said Arthur, "is this really the interior of a flyingsaucer?"Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz heaved his unpleasant green body roundthe control bridge. He always felt vaguely irritable afterdemolishing populated planets. He wished that someone wouldcome and tell him that it was all wrong so that he could shout atthem and feel better. He flopped as heavily as he could on to his52 / DOUGLAS ADAMScontrol seat in the hope that it would break and give himsomething to be genuinely angry about, but it only gave acomplaining sort of creak."Go away!" he shouted at a young Vogon guard who entered thebridge at that moment. The guard vanished immediately, feelingrather relieved. He was glad it wouldn't now be him whodelivered the report they'd just received. The report was anofficial release which said that a wonderful new form of spaceshipdrive was at this moment being unveiled at a governmentresearch base on Damogran which would henceforth make allhyperspatial express routes unnecessary.Another door slid open, but this time the Vogon captain didn'tshout because it was the door from the galley quarters where theDentrassis prepared his meals. A meal would be most welcome.A huge furry creature bounded through the door with his lunchtray. It was grinning like a maniac.Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz was delighted. He knew that when aDentrassi looked that pleased with itself there was somethinggoing on somewhere on the ship that he could get very angryindeed about.Ford and Arthur stared about them."Well, what do you think?" said Ford."It's a bit squalid, isn't it?"Ford frowned at the grubby mattress, unwashed cups andunidentifiable bits of smelly alien underwear that lay around thecramped cabin.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /53"Well, this is a working ship, you see," said Ford. "These are theDentrassi sleeping quarters.""I thought you said they were called Vogons or something.""Yes," said Ford, "the Vogons run the ship, the Dentrassis are thecooks, they let us on board.""I'm confused," said Arthur."Here, have a look at this," said Ford. He sat down on one of themattresses and rummaged about in his satchel. Arthur proddedthe mattress nervously and then sat on it himself: in fact he hadvery little to be nervous about, because all mattresses grown inthe swamps of Squornshellous Zeta are very thoroughly killedand dried before being put to service. Very few have ever cometo life again.Ford handed the book to Arthur."What is it?" asked Arthur."The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. It's a sort of electronicbook. It tells you everything you need to know about anything.That's its job."Arthur turned it over nervously in his hands."I like the cover," he said. "Don't Panic. It's the first helpful orintelligible thing anybody's said to me all day.""I'll show you how it works," said Ford. He snatched it fromArthur who was still holding it as if it was a two-week-dead larkand pulled it out of its cover.54 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"You press this button here you see and the screen lights upgiving you the index."A screen, about three inches by four, lit up and characters beganto flicker across the surface."You want to know about Vogons, so I enter that name so." Hisfingers tapped some more keys. "And there we are."The words Vogon Constructor Fleets flared in green across thescreen.Ford pressed a large red button at the bottom of the screen andwords began to undulate across it. At the same time, the bookbegan to speak the entry as well in a still quiet measured voice.This is what the book said."Vogon Constructor Fleets. Here is what to do if you want to geta lift from a Vogon: forget it. They are one of the mostunpleasant races in the Galaxy -- not actually evil, but badtempered, bureaucratic, officious and callous. They wouldn'teven lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from theRavenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal without orders signed intriplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected topublic inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat andrecycled as firelighters."The best way to get a drink out of a Vogon is to stick your fingerdown his throat, and the best way to irritate him is to feed hisgrandmother to the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal."On no account allow a Vogon to read poetry at you."Arthur blinked at it.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /55"What a strange book. How did we get a lift then?""That's the point, it's out of date now," said Ford, sliding the bookback into its cover. "I'm doing the field research for the NewRevised Edition, and one of the things I'll have to include is a bitabout how the Vogons now employ Dentrassi cooks which givesus a rather useful little loophole."A pained expression crossed Arthur's face.Dentrassi?" he said."But who are the"Great guys," said Ford. "They're the best cooks and the bestdrink mixers and they don't give a wet slap about anything else.And they'll always help hitch hikers aboard, partly because theylike the company, but mostly because it annoys the Vogons.Which is exactly the sort of thing you need to know if you're animpoverished hitch hiker trying to see the marvels of theUniverse for less than thirty Altairan Dollars a day. And that'smy job. Fun, isn't it?"Arthur looked lost."It's amazing," he said and frowned at one of the othermattresses."Unfortunately I got stuck on the Earth for rather longer than Iintended," said Ford. "I came for a week and got stuck for fifteenyears.""But how did you get there in the first place then?""Easy, I got a lift with a teaser.""A teaser?"56 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Yeah.""Er, what is ...""A teaser? Teasers are usually rich kids with nothing to do. Theycruise around looking for planets which haven't made interstellarcontact yet and buzz them.""Buzz them?" Arthur began to feel that Ford was enjoyingmaking life difficult for him. "Yeah", said Ford, "they buzz them.They find some isolated spot with very few people around, thenland right by some poor soul whom no one's ever going tobelieve and then strut up and down in front of him wearing sillyantennae on their heads and making beep beep noises. Ratherchildish really." Ford leant back on the mattress with his handsbehind his head and looked infuriatingly pleased with himself."Ford," insisted Arthur, "I don't know if this sounds like a sillyquestion, but what am I doing here?""Well you know that," said Ford. "I rescued you from the Earth.""And what's happened to the Earth?""Ah. It's been demolished.""Has it," said Arthur levelly."Yes. It just boiled away into space.""Look," said Arthur, "I'm a bit upset about that."Ford frowned to himself and seemed to roll the thought aroundhis mind."Yes, I can understand that," he said at last.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /57"Understand that!" shouted Arthur. "Understand that!"Ford sprang up."Keep looking at the book!" he hissed urgently."What?""Don't Panic.""I'm not panicking!""Yes you are.""Alright so I'm panicking, what else is there to do?""You just come along with me and have a good time. TheGalaxy's a fun place. You'll need to have this fish in your ear.""I beg your pardon?" asked Arthur, rather politely he thought.Ford was holding up a small glass jar which quite clearly had asmall yellow fish wriggling around in it. Arthur blinked at him.He wished there was something simple and recognizable hecould grasp hold of. He would have felt safe if alongside theDentrassi underwear, the piles of Squornshellous mattresses andthe man from Betelgeuse holding up a small yellow fish andoffering to put it in his ear he had been able to see just a smallpacket of corn flakes. He couldn't, and he didn't feel safe.Suddenly a violent noise leapt at them from no source that hecould identify. He gasped in terror at what sounded like a mantrying to gargle whilst fighting off a pack of wolves."Shush!" said Ford. "Listen, it might be important."58 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Im ... important?""It's the Vogon captain making an announcement on theT'annoy.""You mean that's how the Vogons talk?""Listen!""But I can't speak Vogon!""You don't need to. Just put that fish in your ear."Ford, with a lightning movement, clapped his hand to Arthur'sear, and he had the sudden sickening sensation of the fishslithering deep into his aural tract. Gasping with horror hescrabbled at his ear for a second or so, but then slowly turnedgoggle-eyed with wonder. He was experiencing the auralequivalent of looking at a picture of two black silhouetted facesand suddenly seeing it as a picture of a white candlestick. Or oflooking at a lot of coloured dots on a piece of paper whichsuddenly resolve themselves into the figure six and mean thatyour optician is going to charge you a lot of money for a new pairof glasses.He was still listening to the howling gargles, he knew that, onlynow it had taken on the semblance of perfectly straightforwardEnglish.This is what he heard ...THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /59"Howl howl gargle howl gargle howl howl howl gargle howlgargle howl howl gargle gargle howl gargle gargle gargle howlslurrp uuuurgh should have a good time. Message repeats. Thisis your captain speaking, so stop whatever you're doing and payattention. First of all I see from our instruments that we have acouple of hitchhikers aboard. Hello wherever you are. I justwant to make it totally clear that you are not at all welcome. Iworked hard to get where I am today, and I didn't becomecaptain of a Vogon constructor ship simply so I could turn it intoa taxi service for a load of degenerate freeloaders. I have sentout a search party, and as soon that they find you I will put youoff the ship. If you're very lucky I might read you some of mypoetry first."Secondly, we are about to jump into hyperspace for the journeyto Barnard's Star. On arrival we will stay in dock for a seventy-two hour refit, and no one's to leave the ship during that time. Irepeat, all planet leave is cancelled. I've just had an unhappylove affair, so I don't see why anybody else should have a goodtime. Message ends." The noise stopped.Arthur discovered to his embarrassment that he was lying curledup in a small ball on the floor with his arms wrapped round hishead. He smiled weakly."Charming man," he said. "I wish I had a daughter so I couldforbid her to marry one ...""You wouldn't need to," said Ford. "They've got as much sexappeal as a road accident. No, don't move," he added as Arthurbegan to uncurl himself, "you'd better be prepared for the jumpinto hyperspace. It's unpleasantly like being drunk.""What's so unpleasant about being drunk?"60 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"You ask a glass of water."Arthur thought about this."Ford," he said."Yeah?""What's this fish doing in my ear?""It's translating for you. It's a Babel fish. Look it up in the bookif you like."He tossed over The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy and thencurled himself up into a foetal ball to prepare himself for thejump.At that moment the bottom fell out of Arthur's mind.His eyes turned inside out. His feet began to leak out of the topof his head.The room folded flat about him, spun around, shifted out ofexistence and left him sliding into his own navel.They were passing through hyperspace."The Babel fish," said The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxyquietly, "is small, yellow and leech-like, and probably the oddestthing in the Universe. It feeds on brainwave energy not from itscarrier but from those around it. It absorbs all unconsciousmental frequencies from this brainwave energy to nourish itselfwith. It then excretes into the mind of its carrier a telepathicmatrix formed by combining the conscious thought frequencieswith nerve signals picked up from the speech centres of the brainwhich has supplied them. The practical upshot of all this is thatTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /61if you stick a Babel fish in your ear you can instantly understandanything said to you in any form of language. The speechpatterns you actually hear decode the brainwave matrix whichhas been fed into your mind by your Babel fish."Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anythingso mind\-bog\-gin\-gly useful could have evolved purely bychance that some thin\-kers have chosen to see it as the final andclinching proof of the non-existence of God."The argument goes something like this: `I refuse to prove that Iexist,' says God, `for proof denies faith, and without faith I amnothing.'"`But,' says Man, `The Babel fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it? Itcould not have evolved by chance. It proves you exist, and sotherefore, by your own arguments, you don't. QED.'"`Oh dear,' says God, `I hadn't thought of that,' and promptlyvanished in a puff of logic."`Oh, that was easy,' says Man, and for an encore goes on toprove that black is white and gets himself killed on the next zebracrossing."Most leading theologians claim that this argument is a load ofdingo's kidneys, but that didn't stop Oolon Colluphid making asmall fortune when he used it as the central theme of his best-selling book Well That About Wraps It Up For God."Meanwhile, the poor Babel fish, by effectively removing allbarriers to communication between different races and cultures,has caused more and bloddier wars than anything else in thehistory of creation."62 / DOUGLAS ADAMSArthur let out a low groan. He was horrified to discover that thekick through hyperspace hadn't killed him. He was now six lightyears from the place that the Earth would have been if it stillexisted.The Earth.Visions of it swam sickeningly through his nauseated mind.There was no way his imagination could feel the impact of thewhole Earth having gone, it was too big. He prodded his feelingsby thinking that his parents and his sister had gone. No reaction.He thought of all the people he had been close to. No reaction.Then he thought of a complete stranger he had been standingbehind in the queue at the supermarket before and felt a suddenstab - the supermarket was gone, everything in it was gone.Nelson's Column had gone! Nelson's Column had gone and therewould be no outcry, because there was no one left to make anoutcry. From now on Nelson's Column only existed in his mind.England only existed in his mind - his mind, stuck here in thisdank smelly steel-lined spaceship. A wave of claustrophobiaclosed in on him.England no longer existed. He'd got that - somehow he'd got it.He tried again. America, he thought, has gone. He couldn'tgrasp it. He decided to start smaller again. New York has gone.No reaction. He'd never seriously believed it existed anyway.The dollar, he thought, had sunk for ever. Slight tremor there.Every Bogart movie has been wiped, he said to himself, and thatgave him a nasty knock. McDonalds, he thought. There is nolonger any such thing as a McDonald's hamburger. He passedout. When he came round a second later he found he wassobbing for his mother.He jerked himself violently to his feet.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /63"Ford!"Ford looked up from where he was sitting in a corner hummingto himself. He always found the actual travelling-through-spacepart of space travel rather trying."Yeah?" he said."If you're a researcher on this book thing and you were on Earth,you must have been gathering material on it.""Well, I was able to extend the original entry a bit, yes.""Let me see what it says in this edition then, I've got to see it.""Yeah OK." He passed it over again.Arthur grabbed hold of it and tried to stop his hands shaking.He pressed the entry for the relevant page. The screen flashedand swirled and resolved into a page of print. Arthur stared at it."It doesn't have an entry!" he burst out.Ford looked over his shoulder."Yes it does," he said, "down there, see at the bottom of thescreen, just under Eccentrica Gallumbits, the triple-breastedwhore of Eroticon 6."Arthur followed Ford's finger, and saw where it was pointing.For a moment it still didn't register, then his mind nearly blewup."What? Harmless? Is that all it's got to say? Harmless! One word!"Ford shrugged.64 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Well, there are a hundred billion stars in the Galaxy, and only alimited amount of space in the book's microprocessors," he said,"and no one knew much about the Earth of course.""Well for God's sake I hope you managed to rectify that a bit.""Oh yes, well I managed to transmit a new entry off to the editor.He had to trim it a bit, but it's still an improvement.""And what does it say now?" asked Arthur."Mostly harmless," admitted Ford with a slightly embarrassedcough."Mostly harmless!" shouted Arthur. "What was that noise?" hissedFord."It was me shouting," shouted Arthur."No! Shut up!" said Ford. I think we're in trouble.""You think we're in trouble!"Outside the door were the sounds of marching feet."The Dentrassi?" whispered Arthur."No, those are steel tipped boots," said Ford.There was a sharp ringing rap on the door."Then who is it?" said Arthur."Well," said Ford, "if we're lucky it's just the Vogons come tothrow us in to space.""And if we're unlucky?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /65"If we're unlucky," said Ford grimly, "the captain might be seriousin his threat that he's going to read us some of his poetry first ..."66 / DOUGLAS ADAMSVogon poetry is of course the third worst in the Universe.The second worst is that of the Azagoths of Kria. During arecitation by their Poet Master Grunthos the Flatulent of hispoem "Ode To A Small Lump of Green Putty I Found In MyArmpit One Midsummer Morning" four of his audience died ofinternal haemorrhaging, and the President of the Mid-GalacticArts Nobbling Council survived by gnawing one of his own legsoff. Grunthos is reported to have been "disappointed" by thepoem's reception, and was about to embark on a reading of histwelve- book epic entitled My Favourite Bathtime Gurgles whenhis own major intestine, in a desperate attempt to save life andcivilization, leapt straight up through his neck and throttled hisbrain.The very worst poetry of all perished along with its creator PaulaNancy Millstone Jennings of Greenbridge, Essex, England in thedestruction of the planet Earth.Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz smiled very slowly. This was done not somuch for effect as because he was trying to remember thesequence of muscle movements.He had had a terriblytherapeutic yell at his prisoners and was now feeling quiterelaxed and ready for a little callousness.The prisoners sat in Poetry Appreciation Chairs --strapped in.Vogons suffered no illusions as to the regard their works weregenerally held in. Their early attempts at composition had beenpart of bludgeoning insistence that they be accepted as aproperly evolved and cultured race, but now the only thing thatkept them going was sheer bloodymindedness.The sweat stood out cold on Ford Prefect's brow, and slid roundthe electrodes strapped to his temples. These were attached to aTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /67battery of electronic equipment - imagery intensifiers, rhythmicmodulators, alliterative residulators and simile dumpers - alldesigned to heighten the experience of the poem and make surethat not a single nuance of the poet's thought was lost.Arthur Dent sat and quivered. He had no idea what he was infor, but he knew that he hadn't liked anything that hadhappened so far and didn't think things were likely to change.The Vogon began to read - a fetid little passage of his owndevising."Oh frettled gruntbuggly ..." he began. Spasms wracked Ford'sbody - this was worse than ever he'd been prepared for."... thy micturations are to me | As plurdled gabbleblotchits on alurgid bee.""Aaaaaaarggggghhhhhh!" went Ford Prefect, wrenching his headback as lumps of pain thumped through it. He could dimly seebeside him Arthur lolling and rolling in his seat. He clenched histeeth."Groop I implore thee," continued the merciless Vogon, "myfoonting turlingdromes."His voice was rising to a horrible pitch of impassioned stridency."And hooptiously drangle me with crinkly bindlewurdles,| Or Iwill rend thee in the gobberwarts with my blurglecruncheon, seeif I don't!""Nnnnnnnnnnyyyyyyyuuuuuuurrrrrrrggggggghhhhh!"criedFord Prefect and threw one final spasm as the electronicenhancement of the last line caught him full blast across thetemples. He went limp.68 / DOUGLAS ADAMSArthur lolled."Now Earthlings ..." whirred the Vogon (he didn't know thatFord Prefect was in fact from a small planet in the vicinity ofBetelgeuse, and wouldn't have cared if he had) "I present youwith a simple choice! Either die in the vacuum of space, or ..." hepaused for melodramatic effect, "tell me how good you thoughtmy poem was!"He threw himself backwards into a huge leathery bat-shaped seatand watched them. He did the smile again.Ford was rasping for breath. He rolled his dusty tongue roundhis parched mouth and moaned.Arthur said brightly: "Actually I quite liked it."Ford turned and gaped. Here was an approach that had quitesimply not occurred to him.The Vogon raised a surprised eyebrow that effectively obscuredhis nose and was therefore no bad thing."Oh good ..." he whirred, in considerable astonishment."Oh yes," said Arthur, "I thought that some of the metaphysicalimagery was really particularly effective."Ford continued to stare at him, slowly organizing his thoughtsaround this totally new concept. Were they really going to beable to bareface their way out of this?"Yes, do continue ..." invited the Vogon.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /69"Oh ... and er ... interesting rhythmic devices too," continuedArthur, "which seemed to counterpoint the ... er ... er ..." Hefloundered.Ford leaped to his rescue, hazarding "counterpoint thesurrealism of the underlying metaphor of the ... er ..." Hefloundered too, but Arthur was ready again."... humanity of the ...""Vogonity," Ford hissed at him."Ah yes, Vogonity (sorry) of the poet's compassionate soul,"Arthur felt he was on a home stretch now, "which contrivesthrough the medium of the verse structure to sublimate this,transcend that, and come to terms with the fundamentaldichotomies of the other," (he was reaching a triumphantcrescendo ...) "and one is left with a profound and vivid insightinto ... into ... er ..." (... which suddenly gave out on him.) Fordleaped in with the coup de gr@ce:"Into whatever it was the poem was about!" he yelled. Out of thecorner of his mouth: "Well done, Arthur, that was very good."The Vogon perused them. For a moment his embittered racialsoul had been touched, but he thought no - too little too late. Hisvoice took on the quality of a cat snagging brushed nylon."So what you're saying is that I write poetry because underneathmy mean callous heartless exterior I really just want to be loved,"he said. He paused. "Is that right?"Ford laughed a nervous laugh. "Well I mean yes," he said, "don'twe all, deep down, you know ... er ..."70 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe Vogon stood up."No, well you're completely wrong," he said, "I just write poetryto throw my mean callous heartless exterior into sharp relief. I'mgoing to throw you off the ship anyway. Guard! Take theprisoners to number three airlock and throw them out!""What?" shouted Ford. A huge young Vogon guard steppedforward and yanked them out of their straps with his hugeblubbery arms."You can't throw us into space," yelled Ford, "we're trying to writea book.""Resistance is useless!" shouted the Vogon guard back at him. Itwas the first phrase he'd learnt when he joined the Vogon GuardCorps.The captain watched with detached amusement and then turnedaway.Arthur stared round him wildly."I don't want to die now!" he yelled. "I've still got a headache! Idon't want to go to heaven with a headache, I'd be all cross andwouldn't enjoy it!"The guard grasped them both firmly round the neck, andbowing deferentially towards his captain's back, hoiked themboth protesting out of the bridge. A steel door closed and thecaptain was on his own again. He hummed quietly and mused tohimself, lightly fingering his notebook of verses.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /71"Hmmmm," he said, "counterpoint the surrealism of theunderlying metaphor ..." He considered this for a moment, andthen closed the book with a grim smile."Death's too good for them," he said.The long steel-lined corridor echoed to the feeble struggles of thetwo humanoids clamped firmly under rubbery Vogon armpits."This is great," spluttered Arthur, "this is really terrific. Let go ofme you brute!"The Vogon guard dragged them on."Don't you worry," said Ford, "I'll think of something." He didn'tsound hopeful."Resistance is useless!" bellowed the guard."Just don't say things like that," stammered Ford. "How cananyone maintain a positive mental attitude if you're saying thingslike that?""My God," complained Arthur, "you're talking about a positivemental attitude and you haven't even had your planetdemolished today. I woke up this morning and thought I'd havea nice relaxed day, do a bit of reading, brush the dog ... It's nowjust after four in the afternoon and I'm already thrown out of analien spaceship six light years from the smoking remains of theEarth!" He spluttered and gurgled as the Vogon tightened hisgrip."Alright," said Ford, "just stop panicking."72 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Who said anything about panicking?" snapped Arthur. "This isstill just the culture shock. You wait till I've settled down into thesituation and found my bearings. Then I'll start panicking.""Arthur you're getting hysterical.Shut up!" Ford trieddesperately to think, but was interrupted by the guard shoutingagain."Resistance is useless!""And you can shut up as well!" snapped Ford."Resistance is useless!""Oh give it a rest," said Ford. He twisted his head till he waslooking straight up into his captor's face. A thought struck him."Do you really enjoy this sort of thing?" he asked suddenly.The Vogon stopped dead and a look of immense stupidityseeped slowly over his face."Enjoy?" he boomed. "What do you mean?""What I mean," said Ford, "is does it give you a full satisfying life?Stomping around, shouting, pushing people out of spaceships ..."The Vogon stared up at the low steel ceiling and his eyebrowsalmost rolled over each other. His mouth slacked. Finally hesaid, "Well the hours are good ...""They'd have to be," agreed Ford.Arthur twisted his head to look at Ford."Ford, what are you doing?" he asked in an amazed whisper.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /73"Oh, just trying to take an interest in the world around me, OK?"he said. "So the hours are pretty good then?" he resumed.The Vogon stared down at him as sluggish thoughts moiledaround in the murky depths."Yeah," he said, "but now you come to mention it, most of theactual minutes are pretty lousy. Except ..." he thought again,which required looking at the ceiling - "except some of theshouting I quite like." He filled his lungs and bellowed,"Resistance is ...""Sure, yes," interrupted Ford hurriedly, "you're good at that, Ican tell. But if it's mostly lousy," he said, slowly giving the wordstime to reach their mark, "then why do you do it? What is it? Thegirls? The leather? The machismo? Or do you just find thatcoming to terms with the mindless tedium of it all presents aninteresting challenge?""Er ..." said the guard, "er ... er ... I dunno. I think I just sort of... do it really. My aunt said that spaceship guard was a goodcareer for a young Vogon - you know, the uniform, the low-slung stun ray holster, the mindless tedium ...""There you are Arthur," said Ford with the air of someonereaching the conclusion of his argument, "you think you've gotproblems."Arthur rather thought he had. Apart from the unpleasantbusiness with his home planet the Vogon guard had half-throttled him already and he didn't like the sound of beingthrown into space very much.74 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Try and understand his problem," insisted Ford. "Here he ispoor lad, his entire life's work is stamping around, throwingpeople off spaceships ...""And shouting," added the guard."And shouting, sure," said Ford patting the blubbery armclamped round his neck in friendly condescension, "... and hedoesn't even know why he's doing it!"Arthur agreed this was very sad. He did this with a small feeblegesture, because he was too asphyxicated to speak.Deep rumblings of bemusement came from the guard."Well. Now you put it like that I suppose ...""Good lad!" encouraged Ford."But alright," went on the rumblings, "so what's the alternative?""Well," said Ford, brightly but slowly, "stop doing it of course!Tell them," he went on, "you're not going to do it anymore." Hefelt he had to add something to that, but for the moment theguard seemed to have his mind occupied pondering that much."Eerrrrrrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ..." said theguard, "erm, well that doesn't sound that great to me."Ford suddenly felt the moment slipping away."Now wait a minute," he said, "that's just the start you see, there'smore to it than that you see ..."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /75But at that moment the guard renewed his grip and continuedhis original purpose of lugging his prisoners to the airlock. Hewas obviously quite touched."No, I think if it's all the same to you," he said, "I'd better get youboth shoved into this airlock and then go and get on with someother bits of shouting I've got to do."It wasn't all the same to Ford Prefect after all."Come on now ... but look!" he said, less slowly, less brightly."Huhhhhgggggggnnnnnnn ..." said Arthur without any clearinflection."But hang on," pursued Ford, "there's music and art and thingsto tell you about yet! Arrrggghhh!""Resistance is useless," bellowed the guard, and then added, "Yousee if I keep it up I can eventually get promoted to SeniorShouting Officer, and there aren't usually many vacancies fornon-shouting and non-pushing-people-about officers, so I thinkI'd better stick to what I know."They had now reached the airlock - a large circular steelhatchway of massive strength and weight let into the inner skin ofthe craft. The guard operated a control and the hatchway swungsmoothly open."But thanks for taking an interest," said the Vogon guard. "Byenow." He flung Ford and Arthur through the hatchway into thesmall chamber within. Arthur lay panting for breath. Fordscrambled round and flung his shoulder uselessly against thereclosing hatchway.76 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"But listen," he shouted to the guard, "there's a whole world youdon't know anything about ... here how about this?" Desperatelyhe grabbed for the only bit of culture he knew offhand - hehummed the first bar of Beethoven's Fifth."Da da da dum! Doesn't that stir anything in you?""No," said the guard, "not really. But I'll mention it to my aunt."If he said anything further after that it was lost. The hatchwaysealed itself tight, and all sound was lost but the faint distant humof the ship's engines.They were in a brightly polished cylindrical chamber about sixfeet in diameter and ten feet long."Potentially bright lad I thought," he said and slumped againstthe curved wall.Arthur was still lying in the curve of the floor where he hadfallen. He didn't look up. He just lay panting."We're trapped now aren't we?""Yes," said Ford, "we're trapped.""Well didn't you think of anything? I thought you said you weregoing to think of something. Perhaps you thought of somethingand didn't notice.""Oh yes, I thought of something," panted Ford. Arthur lookedup expectantly."But unfortunately," continued Ford, "it rather involved being onthe other side of this airtight hatchway." He kicked the hatchthey'd just been through.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /77"But it was a good idea was it?""Oh yes, very neat.""What was it?""Well I hadn't worked out the details yet. Not much point now isthere?""So ... er, what happens next?""Oh, er, well the hatchway in front of us will open automaticallyin a few moments and we will shoot out into deep space I expectand asphyxicate. If you take a lungful of air with you you canlast for up to thirty seconds of course ..." said Ford. He stuck hishands behind his back, raised his eyebrows and started to human old Betelgeusian battle hymn. To Arthur's eyes he suddenlylooked very alien."So this is it," said Arthur, "we're going to die.""Yes," said Ford, "except ... no! Wait a minute!" he suddenlylunged across the chamber at something behind Arthur's line ofvision. "What's this switch?" he cried."What? Where?" cried Arthur twisting round."No, I was only fooling," said Ford, "we are going to die after all."He slumped against the wall again and carried on the tune fromwhere he left off."You know," said Arthur, "it's at times like this, when I'm trappedin a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse, and about to dieof asphyxication in deep space that I really wish I'd listened towhat my mother told me when I was young."78 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Why, what did she tell you?""I don't know, I didn't listen.""Oh." Ford carried on humming."This is terrific," Arthur thought to himself, "Nelson's Column hasgone, McDonald's have gone, all that's left is me and the wordsMostly Harmless. Any second now all that will be left is MostlyHarmless. And yesterday the planet seemed to be going so well."A motor whirred.A slight hiss built into a deafening roar of rushing air as the outerhatchway opened on to an empty blackness studded with tinyimpossibly bright points of light. Ford and Arthur popped intoouter space like corks from a toy gun.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /79The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a wholly remarkablebook. It has been compiled and recompiled many times overmany years and under many different editorships. It containscontributions from countless numbers of travellers andresearchers.The introduction begins like this:"Space," it says, "is big. Really big. You just won't believe howvastly hugely mindboggingly big it is. I mean you may think it's along way down the road to the chemist, but that's just peanuts tospace. Listen ..." and so on.(After a while the style settles down a bit and it begins to tell youthings you really need to know, like the fact that the fabulouslybeautiful planet Bethselamin is now so worried about thecumulative erosion by ten billion visiting tourists a year that anynet imbalance between the amount you eat and the amount youexcrete whilst on the planet is surgically removed from yourbodyweight when you leave: so every time you go to the lavatoryit is vitally important to get a receipt.)To be fair though, when confronted by the sheer enormity ofdistances between the stars, better minds than the oneresponsible for the Guide's introduction have faltered. Someinvite you to consider for a moment a peanut in reading and asmall walnut in Johannesburg, and other such dizzying concepts.The simple truth is that interstellar distances will not fit into thehuman imagination.Even light, which travels so fast that it takes most races thousandsof years to realize that it travels at all, takes time to journeybetween the stars. It takes eight minutes from the star Sol to the80 / DOUGLAS ADAMSplace where the Earth used to be, and four years more to arriveat Sol's nearest stellar neighbour, Alpha Proxima.For light to reach the other side of the Galaxy, for it to reachDamogran for instance, takes rather longer: five hundredthousand years.The record for hitch hiking this distance is just under five years,but you don't get to see much on the way.The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy says that if you hold alungful of air you can survive in the total vacuum of space forabout thirty seconds. However it goes on to say that what withspace being the mind boggling size it is the chances of gettingpicked up by another ship within those thirty seconds are two tothe power of two hundred and sixty-seven thousand sevenhundred and nine to one against.By a totally staggering coincidence that is also the telephonenumber of an Islington flat where Arthur once went to a verygood party and met a very nice girl whom he totally failed to getoff with - she went off with a gatecrasher. Though the planetEarth, the Islington flat and the telephone have all now beendemolished, it is comforting to reflect that they are all in somesmall way commemorated by the fact that twenty-nine secondslater Ford and Arthur were rescued.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /81A computer chatted to itself in alarm as it noticed an airlock openand close itself for no apparent reason.This was because Reason was in fact out to lunch.A hole had just appeared in the Galaxy. It was exactly anothingth of a second long, a nothingth of an inch wide, andquite a lot of million light years from end to end.As it closed up lots of paper hats and party balloons fell out of itand drifted off through the universe. A team of seven three-foot-high market analysts fell out of it and died, partly ofasphyxication, partly of surprise.Two hundred and thirty-nine thousand lightly fried eggs fell outof it too, materializing in a large woobly heap on the famine-struck land of Poghril in the Pansel system.The whole Poghril tribe had died out from famine except for onelast man who died of cholesterol poisoning some weeks later.The nothingth of a second for which the hole existedreverberated backwards and forwards through time in a mostimprobable fashion. Somewhere in the deeply remote past itseriously traumatized a small random group of atoms driftingthrough the empty sterility of space and made them clingtogether in the most extraordinarily unlikely patterns. Thesepatterns quickly learnt to copy themselves (this was part of whatwas so extraordinary of the patterns) and went on to causemassive trouble on every planet they drifted on to. That was howlife began in the Universe.Five wild Event Maelstroms swirled in vicious storms of unreasonand spewed up a pavement.82 / DOUGLAS ADAMSOn the pavement lay Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent gulping likehalf-spent fish."There you are," gasped Ford, scrabbling for a fingerhold on thepavement as it raced through the Third Reach of the Unknown,"I told you I'd think of something.""Oh sure," said Arthur, "sure.""Bright idea of mine," said Ford, "to find a passing spaceship andget rescued by it."The real universe arched sickeningly away beneath them.Various pretend ones flitted silently by, like mountain goats.Primal light exploded, splattering space-time as with gobbets ofjunket. Time blossomed, matter shrank away. The highestprime number coalesced quietly in a corner and hid itself awayfor ever."Oh come off it," said Arthur, "the chances against it wereastronomical.""Don't knock it, it worked," said Ford."What sort of ship are we in?" asked Arthur as the pit of eternityyawned beneath them."I don't know," said Ford, "I haven't opened my eyes yet.""No, nor have I," said Arthur.The Universe jumped, froze, quivered and splayed out in severalunexpected directions.Arthur and Ford opened their eyes and looked about inconsiderable surprise.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /83"Good god," said Arthur, "it looks just like the sea front atSouthend.""Hell, I'm relieved to hear you say that," said Ford."Why?""Because I thought I must be going mad.""Perhaps you are. Perhaps you only thought I said it."Ford thought about this."Well, did you say it or didn't you?" he asked."I think so," said Arthur."Well, perhaps we're both going mad.""Yes," said Arthur, "we'd be mad, all things considered, to thinkthis was Southend.""Well, do you think this is Southend?""Oh yes.""So do I.""Therefore we must be mad.""Nice day for it.""Yes," said a passing maniac."Who was that?" asked Arthur84 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Who - the man with the five heads and the elderberry bush fullof kippers?" "Yes.""I don't know. Just someone.""Ah."They both sat on the pavement and watched with a certainunease as huge children bounced heavily along the sand and wildhorses thundered through the sky taking fresh supplies ofreinforced railings to the Uncertain Areas."You know," said Arthur with a slight cough, "if this is Southend,there's something very odd about it ...""You mean the way the sea stays steady and the buildings keepwashing up and down?" said Ford. "Yes I thought that was oddtoo. In fact," he continued as with a huge bang Southend splititself into six equal segments which danced and span giddilyround each other in lewd and licentious formation, "there issomething altogether very strange going on."Wild yowling noises of pipes and strings seared through thewind, hot doughnuts popped out of the road for ten pence each,horrid fish stormed out of the sky and Arthur and Ford decidedto make a run for it.They plunged through heavy walls of sound, mountains ofarchaic thought, valleys of mood music, bad shoe sessions andfootling bats and suddenly heard a girl's voice.It sounded quite a sensible voice, but it just said, "Two to thepower of one hundred thousand to one against and falling," andthat was all.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /85Ford skidded down a beam of light and span round trying to finda source for the voice but could see nothing he could seriouslybelieve in."What was that voice?" shouted Arthur."I don't know," yelled Ford, "I don't know. It sounded like ameasurement of probability.""Probability? What do you mean?""Probability. You know, like two to one, three to one, five to fouragainst. It said two to the power of one hundred thousand toone against. That's pretty improbable you know."A million-gallon vat of custard upended itself over them withoutwarning."But what does it mean?" cried Arthur."What, the custard?""No, the measurement of probability!""I don't know. I don't know at all. I think we're on some kind ofspaceship.""I can only assume," said Arthur, "that this is not the first- classcompartment."Bulges appeared in the fabric of space-time. Great ugly bulges."Haaaauuurrgghhh ..." said Arthur as he felt his body softeningand bending in unusual directions. "Southend seems to bemelting away ... the stars are swirling ... a dustbowl ... my legsare drifting off into the sunset ... my left arm's come off too." A86 / DOUGLAS ADAMSfrightening thought struck him: "Hell," he said, "how am I goingto operate my digital watch now?" He wound his eyes desperatelyaround in Ford's direction."Ford," he said, "you're turning into a penguin. Stop it."Again came the voice."Two to the power of seventy-five thousand to one against andfalling."Ford waddled around his pond in a furious circle."Hey, who are you," he quacked. "Where are you? What's goingon and is there any way of stopping it?""Please relax," said the voice pleasantly, like a stewardess in anairliner with only one wing and two engines one of which is onfire, "you are perfectly safe.""But that's not the point!" raged Ford. "The point is that I amnow a perfectly save penguin, and my colleague here is rapidlyrunning out of limbs!""It's alright, I've got them back now," said Arthur."Two to the power of fifty thousand to one against and falling,"said the voice."Admittedly," said Arthur, "they're longer than I usually likethem, but ...""Isn't there anything," squawked Ford in avian fury, "you feel youought to be telling us?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /87The voice cleared its throat. A giant petit four lolloped off intothe distance."Welcome," the voice said, "to the Starship Heart of Gold."The voice continued."Please do not be alarmed," it said, "by anything you see or heararound you. You are bound to feel some initial ill effects as youhave been rescued from certain death at an improbability level oftwo to the power of two hundred and seventy-six thousand toone against - possibly much higher. We are now cruising at alevel of two to the power of twenty-five thousand to one againstand falling, and we will be restoring normality just as soon as weare sure what is normal anyway. Thank you. Two to the powerof twenty thousand to one against and falling."The voice cut out.Ford and Arthur were in a small luminous pink cubicle.Ford was wildly excited."Arthur!" he said, "this is fantastic! We've been picked up by aship powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive! This isincredible! I heard rumors about it before! They were allofficially denied, but they must have done it! They've built theImprobability Drive! Arthur, this is ...Arthur? What'shappening?"Arthur had jammed himself against the door to the cubicle,trying to hold it closed, but it was ill fitting. Tiny furry littlehands were squeezing themselves through the cracks, theirfingers were inkstained; tiny voices chattered insanely.88 / DOUGLAS ADAMSArthur looked up."Ford!" he said, "there's an infinite number of monkeys outsidewho want to talk to us about this script for Hamlet they'veworked out."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /89The Infinite Improbability Drive is a wonderful new method ofcrossing vast interstellar distances in a mere nothingth of asecond, without all that tedious mucking about in hyperspace.It was discovered by a lucky chance, and then developed into agovernable form of propulsion by the Galactic Government'sresearch team on Damogran.This, briefly, is the story of its discovery.The principle of generating small amounts of finite improbabilityby simply hooking the logic circuits of a Bambleweeny 57 Sub-Meson Brain to an atomic vector plotter suspended in a strongBrownian Motion producer (say a nice hot cup of tea) were ofcourse well understood - and such generators were often used tobreak the ice at parties by making all the molecules in thehostess's undergarments leap simultaneously one foot to the left,in accordance with the Theory of Indeterminacy.Many respectable physicists said that they weren't going to standfor this - partly because it was a debasement of science, butmostly because they didn't get invited to those sort of parties.Another thing they couldn't stand was the perpetual failure theyencountered in trying to construct a machine which couldgenerate the infinite improbability field needed to flip aspaceship across the mind-paralysing distances between thefurthest stars, and in the end they grumpily announced that sucha machine was virtually impossible.Then, one day, a student who had been left to sweep up the labafter a particularly unsuccessful party found himself reasoningthis way:90 / DOUGLAS ADAMSIf, he thought to himself, such a machine is a virtualimpossibility, then it must logically be a finite improbability. Soall I have to do in order to make one is to work out exactly howimprobable it is, feed that figure into the finite improbabilitygenerator, give it a fresh cup of really hot tea ... and turn it on!He did this, and was rather startled to discover that he hadmanaged to create the long sought after golden InfiniteImprobability generator out of thin air.It startled him even more when just after he was awarded theGalactic Institute's Prize for Extreme Cleverness he got lynchedby a rampaging mob of respectable physicists who had finallyrealized that the one thing they really couldn't stand was asmartass.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /91The Improbability-proof control cabin of the Heart of Goldlooked like a perfectly conventional spaceship except that it wasperfectly clean because it was so new. Some of the control seatshadn't had the plastic wrapping taken off yet. The cabin wasmostly white, oblong, and about the size of a smallish restaurant.In fact it wasn't perfectly oblong: the two long walls were rakedround in a slight parallel curve, and all the angles and cornerswere contoured in excitingly chunky shapes. The truth of thematter is that it would have been a great deal simpler and morepractical to build the cabin as an ordinary three-dimensionaloblong rom, but then the designers would have got miserable. Asit was the cabin looked excitingly purposeful, with large videoscreens ranged over the control and guidance system panels onthe concave wall, and long banks of computers set into theconvex wall. In one corner a robot sat humped, its gleamingbrushed steel head hanging loosely between its gleaming brushedsteel knees. It too was fairly new, but though it was beautifullyconstructed and polished it somehow looked as if the variousparts of its more or less humanoid body didn't quite fit properly.In fact they fitted perfectly well, but something in its bearingsuggested that they might have fitted better.Zaphod Beeblebrox paced nervously up and down the cabin,brushing his hands over pieces of gleaming equipment andgiggling with excitement.Trillian sat hunched over a clump of instruments reading offfigures. Her voice was carried round the Tannoy system of thewhole ship."Five to one against and falling ..." she said, "four to one againstand falling ... three to one ... two ... one ... probability factor ofone to one ... we have normality, I repeat we have normality."She turned her microphone off - then turned it back on, with a92 / DOUGLAS ADAMSslight smile and continued: "Anything you still can't cope with istherefore your own problem. Please relax. You will be sent forsoon."Zaphod burst out in annoyance: "Who are they Trillian?"Trillian span her seat round to face him and shrugged."Just a couple of guys we seem to have picked up in open space,"she said. "Section ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha.""Yeah, well that's a very sweet thought Trillian," complainedZaphod, "but do you really think it's wise under thecircumstances? I mean, here we are on the run and everything,we must have the police of half the Galaxy after us by now, andwe stop to pick up hitch hikers. OK, so ten out of ten for style,but minus several million for good thinking, yeah?"He tapped irritably at a control panel. Trillian quietly moved hishand before he tapped anything important. Whatever Zaphod'squalities of mind might include - dash, bravado, conceit - he wasmechanically inept and could easily blow the ship up with anextravagant gesture. Trillian had come to suspect that the mainreason why he had had such a wild and successful life that henever really understood the significance of anything he did."Zaphod," she said patiently, "they were floating unprotected inopen space ... you wouldn't want them to have died would you?""Well, you know ... no. Not as such, but ...""Not as such? Not die as such? But?" Trillian cocked her head onone side."Well, maybe someone else might have picked them up later."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /93"A second later and they would have been dead.""Yeah, so if you'd taken the trouble to think about the problem abit longer it would have gone away.""You'd been happy to let them die?""Well, you know, not happy as such, but ...""Anyway," said Trillian, turning back to the controls, "I didn'tpick them up.""What do you mean? Who picked them up then?""The ship did.""Huh?""The ship did. All by itself.""Huh?" "Whilst we were in Improbability Drive.""But that's incredible.""No Zaphod. Just very very improbable.""Er, yeah.""Look Zaphod," she said, patting his arm, "don't worry about thealiens. They're just a couple of guys I expect. I'll send the robotdown to get them and bring them up here. Hey Marvin!"In the corner, the robot's head swung up sharply, but thenwobbled about imperceptibly. It pulled itself up to its feet as if itwas about five pounds heavier that it actually was, and madewhat an outside observer would have thought was a heroic effort94 / DOUGLAS ADAMSto cross the room. It stopped in front of Trillian and seemed tostare through her left shoulder."I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed," it said.Its voice was low and hopeless."Oh God," muttered Zaphod and slumped into a seat."Well," said Trillian in a bright compassionate tone, "here'ssomething to occupy you and keep your mind off things.""It won't work," droned Marvin, "I have an exceptionally largemind.""Marvin!" warned Trillian."Alright," said Marvin, "what do you want me to do?""Go down to number two entry bay and bring the two aliens uphere under surveillance."With a microsecond pause, and a finely calculatedmicromodulation of pitch and timbre - nothing you couldactually take offence at - Marvin managed to convey his uttercontempt and horror of all things human."Just that?" he said."Yes," said Trillian firmly."I won't enjoy it," said Marvin.Zaphod leaped out of his seat."She's not asking you to enjoy it," he shouted, "just do it will you?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /95"Alright," said Marvin like the tolling of a great cracked bell, "I'lldo it.""Good ..." snapped Zaphod, "great ... thank you ..."Marvin turned and lifted his flat-topped triangular red eyes uptowards him."I'm not getting you down at all am I?" he said pathetically."No no Marvin," lilted Trillian, "that's just fine, really ...""I wouldn't like to think that I was getting you down.""No, don't worry about that," the lilt continued, "you just act ascomes naturally and everything will be just fine.""You're sure you don't mind?" probed Marvin."No no Marvin," lilted Trillian, "that's just fine, really ... just partof life.""Marvin flashed him an electronic look."Life," said Marvin, "don't talk to me about life."He turned hopelessly on his heel and lugged himself out of thecabin. With a satisfied hum and a click the door closed behindhim"I don't think I can stand that robot much longer Zaphod,"growled Trillian.The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a robot as a mechanicalapparatus designed to do the work of a man. The marketing96 / DOUGLAS ADAMSdivision of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation defines a robot as"Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With."The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy defines the marketingdivision of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as "a bunch ofmindless jerks who'll be the first against the wall when therevolution comes," with a footnote to the effect that the editorswould welcome applications from anyone interested in takingover the post of robotics correspondent.Curiously enough, an edition of the Encyclopaedia Galactica thathad the good fortune to fall through a time warp from athousand years in the future defined the marketing division ofthe Sirius Cybernetics Corporation as "a bunch of mindless jerkswho were the first against the wall when the revolution came."The pink cubicle had winked out of existence, the monkeys hadsunk away to a better dimension. Ford and Arthur foundthemselves in the embarkation area of the ship. It was rathersmart."I think the ship's brand new," said Ford."How can you tell?" asked Arthur. "Have you got some exoticdevice for measuring the age of metal?""No, I just found this sales brochure lying on the floor. It's a lotof `the Universe can be yours' stuff. Ah! Look, I was right."Ford jabbed at one of the pages and showed it to Arthur. "Itsays: Sensational new breakthrough in Improbability Physics. Assoon as the ship's drive reaches Infinite Improbability it passesthrough every point in the Universe. Be the envy of other majorgovernments. Wow, this is big league stuff."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /97Ford hunted excitedly through the technical specs of the ship,occasionally gasping with astonishment at what he read - clearlyGalactic astrotechnology had moved ahead during the years ofhis exile.Arthur listened for a short while, but being unable to understandthe vast majority of what Ford was saying he began to let hismind wander, trailing his fingers along the edge of anincomprehensible computer bank, he reached out and pressedan invitingly large red button on a nearby panel. The panel litup with the words Please do not press this button again. Heshook himself."Listen," said Ford, who was still engrossed in the sales brochure,"they make a big thing of the ship's cybernetics. A newgeneration of Sirius Cybernetics Corporation robots andcomputers, with the new GPP feature.""GPP feature?" said Arthur. "What's that?""Oh, it says Genuine People Personalities.""Oh," said Arthur, "sounds ghastly."A voice behind them said, "It is." The voice was low and hopelessand accompanied by a slight clanking sound. They span roundand saw an abject steel man standing hunched in the doorway."What?" they said."Ghastly," continued Marvin, "it all is. Absolutely ghastly. Justdon't even talk about it. Look at this door," he said, steppingthrough it. The irony circuits cut into his voice modulator as hemimicked the style of the sales brochure. "All the doors in thisspaceship have a cheerful and sunny disposition. It is their98 / DOUGLAS ADAMSpleasure to open for you, and their satisfaction to close again withthe knowledge of a job well done."As the door closed behind them it became apparent that it didindeedhaveasatisfiedsigh-likequalitytoit."Hummmmmmmyummmmmmm ah!" it said.Marvin regarded it with cold loathing whilst his logic circuitschattered with disgust and tinkered with the concept of directingphysical violence against it Further circuits cut in saying, Whybother? What's the point? Nothing is worth getting involved in.Further circuits amused themselves by analysing the molecularcomponents of the door, and of the humanoids' brain cells. For aquick encore they measured the level of hydrogen emissions inthe surrounding cubic parsec of space and then shut down againin boredom. A spasm of despair shook the robot's body as heturned."Come on," he droned, "I've been ordered to take you down tothe bridge. Here I am, brain the size of a planet and they ask meto take you down to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction? 'Cos Idon't."He turned and walked back to the hated door."Er, excuse me," said Ford following after him, "whichgovernment owns this ship?"Marvin ignored him."You watch this door," he muttered, "it's about to open again. Ican tell by the intolerable air of smugness it suddenly generates."With an ingratiating little whine the door slit open again andMarvin stomped through.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /99"Come on," he said.The others followed quickly and the door slit back into place withpleased little clicks and whirrs."Thank you the marketing division of the Sirius CyberneticsCorporation," said Marvin and trudged desolately up thegleaming curved corridor that stretched out before them. "Let'sbuild robots with Genuine People Personalities," they said. Sothey tried it out with me. I'm a personality prototype. You cantell can't you?"Ford and Arthur muttered embarrassed little disclaimers."I hate that door," continued Marvin. "I'm not getting you downat all am I?""Which government ..." started Ford again."No government owns it," snapped the robot, "it's been stolen.""Stolen?""Stolen?" mimicked Marvin."Who by?" asked Ford."Zaphod Beeblebrox."Something extraordinary happened to Ford's face. At least fiveentirely separate and distinct expressions of shock andamazement piled up on it in a jumbled mess. His left leg, whichwas in mid stride, seemed to have difficulty in finding the flooragain. He stared at the robot and tried to entangle some dartoidmuscles.100 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Zaphod Beeblebrox ...?" he said weakly."Sorry, did I say something wrong?" said Marvin, dragginghimself on regardless. "Pardon me for breathing, which I neverdo anyway so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God I'm sodepressed. Here's another of those self-satisfied door. Life!Don't talk to me about life." "No one ever mentioned it,"muttered Arthur irritably. "Ford, are you alright?"Ford stared at him. "Did that robot say Zaphod Beeblebrox?" hesaid.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /101A loud clatter of gunk music flooded through the Heart of Goldcabin as Zaphod searched the sub-etha radio wavebands for newsof himself. The machine was rather difficult to operate. Foryears radios had been operated by means of pressing buttons andturning dials; then as the technology became more sophisticatedthe controls were made touch-sensitive - you merely had to brushthe panels with your fingers; now all you had to do was waveyour hand in the general direction of the components and hope.It saved a lot of muscular expenditure of course, but meant thatyou had to sit infuriatingly still if you wanted to keep listening tothe same programme.Zaphod waved a hand and the channel switched again. Moregunk music, but this time it was a background to a newsannouncement. The news was always heavily edited to fit therhythms of the music."... and news brought to you here on the sub-etha wave band,broadcasting around the galaxy around the clock," squawked avoice, "and we'll be saying a big hello to all intelligent life formseverywhere ... and to everyone else out there, the secret is tobang the rocks together, guys. And of course, the big news storytonight is the sensational theft of the new Improbability Driveprototype ship by none other than Galactic President ZaphodBeeblebrox. And the question everyone's asking is ... has the bigZ finally flipped? Beeblebrox, the man who invented the PanGalactic Gargle Blaster, ex-confidence trickster, once describedby Eccentrica Gallumbits as the Best Bang since the Big One, andrecently voted the Wort Dressed Sentinent Being in the KnownUniverse for the seventh time ... has he got an answer this time?We asked his private brain care specialist Gag Halfrunt ..." Themusic swirled and dived for a moment. Another voice broke in,presumably Halfrunt. He said: "Vell, Zaphod's jist zis guy you102 / DOUGLAS ADAMSknow?" but got no further because an electric pencil flew acrossthe cabin and through the radio's on/off sensitive airspace.Zaphod turned and glared at Trillian - she had thrown thepencil."Hey," he said, what do you do that for?"Trillian was tapping her fingers on a screenful of figures."I've just thought of something," she said."Yeah? Worth interrupting a news bulletin about me for?""You hear enough about yourself as it is.""I'm very insecure. We know that." "Can we drop your ego for amoment? This is important.""If there's anything more important than my ego around, I wantit caught and shot now." Zaphod glared at her again, thenlaughed."Listen," she said, "we picked up those couple of guys ...""What couple of guys?""The couple of guys we picked up.""Oh, yeah," said Zaphod, "those couple of guys.""We picked them up in sector ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha.""Yeah?" said Zaphod and blinked.Trillian said quietly, "Does that mean anything to you?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /103"Mmmmm," said Zaphod, "ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha. ZZ 9 Plural ZAlpha?""Well?" said Trillian."Er ... what does the Z mean?" said Zaphod."Which one?""Any one."One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in herrelationship with Zaphod was learning to distinguish betweenhim pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard,pretending to be stupid because he couldn't be bothered to thinkand wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending to beoutrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn'tunderstand what was going on, and really being genuinelystupid. He was renowned for being amazingly clever and quiteclearly was so - but not all the time, which obviously worried him,hence the act. He proffered people to be puzzled rather thancontemptuous. This above all appeared to Trillian to begenuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argueabout it.She sighed and punched up a star map on the visiscreen so shecould make it simple for him, whatever his reasons for wanting itto be that way."There," she pointed, "right there.""Hey ... Yeah!" said Zaphod."Well?" she said.104 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Well what?"Parts of the inside of her head screamed at other parts of theinside of her head. She said, very calmly, "It's the same sectoryou originally picked me up in."He looked at her and then looked back at the screen. "Hey,yeah," he said, "now that is wild. We should have zapped straightinto the middle of the Horsehead Nebula. How did we come tobe there? I mean that's nowhere."She ignored this."Improbability Drive," she said patiently. "You explained it to meyourself. We pass through every point in the Universe, youknow that.""Yeah, but that's one wild coincidence isn't it?""Yes.""Picking someone up at that point? Out of the whole of theUniverse to choose from? That's just too ... I want to work thisout. Computer!"The Sirius Cybernetics Corporation Shipboard Computer whichcontrolled and permeated every particle of the ship switched intocommunication mode."Hi there!" it said brightly and simultaneously spewed out a tinyribbon of ticker tape just for the record. The ticker tape said, Hithere!"Oh God," said Zaphod. He hadn't worked with this computerfor long but had already learned to loathe it.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /105The computer continued, brash and cheery as if it was sellingdetergent."I want you to know that whatever your problem, I am here tohelp you solve it.""Yeah yeah," said Zaphod. "Look, I think I'll just use a piece ofpaper.""Sure thing," said the computer, spilling out its message into awaste bin at the same time, "I understand. If you ever want ...""Shut up!" said Zaphod, and snatching up a pencil sat down nextto Trillian at the console."OK, OK ..." said the computer in a hurt tone of voice and closeddown its speech channel again.Zaphod and Trillian pored over the figures that theImprobability flight path scanner flashed silently up in front ofthem."Can we work out," said Zaphod, "from their point of view whatthe Improbability of their rescue was?""Yes, that's a constant", said Trillian, "two to the power of twohundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and nine toone against.""That's high. They're two lucky lucky guys." "Yes.""But relative to what we were doing when the ship picked themup ..."106 / DOUGLAS ADAMSTrillian punched up the figures. They showed tow-to-the power-of-Infinity-minus-one (an irrational number that only has aconventional meaning in Improbability physics)."... it's pretty low," continued Zaphod with a slight whistle."Yes," agreed Trillian, and looked at him quizzically."That's one big whack of Improbability to be accounted for.Something pretty improbable has got to show up on the balancesheet if it's all going to add up into a pretty sum."Zaphod scribbled a few sums, crossed them out and threw thepencil away."Bat's dots, I can't work it out.""Well?"Zaphod knocked his two heads together in irritation and grittedhis teeth."OK," he said. "Computer!"The voice circuits sprang to life again."Why hello there!" they said (ticker tape, ticker tape). "All I wantto do is make your day nicer and nicer and nicer ...""Yeah well shut up and work something out for me.""Sure thing," chattered the computer, "you want a probabilityforecast based on ...""Improbability data, yeah."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /107"OK," the computer continued. "Here's an interesting littlenotion. Did you realize that most people's lives are governed bytelephone numbers?"A pained look crawled across one of Zaphod's faces and on to theother one."Have you flipped?" he said."No, but you will when I tell you that ..."Trillian gasped.She scrabbled at the buttons on theImprobability flight path screen."Telephone number?" she said. "Did that thing say telephonenumber?" Numbers flashed up on the screen.The computer had paused politely, but now it continued."What I was about to say was that ...""Don't bother please," said Trillian."Look, what is this?" said Zaphod."I don't know," said Trillian, "but those aliens - they're on the wayup to the bridge with that wretched robot. Can we pick them upon any monitor cameras?"108 / DOUGLAS ADAMSMarvin trudged on down the corridor, still moaning."... and then of course I've got this terrible pain in all the diodesdown my left hand side ...""No?" said Arthur grimly as he walked along beside him."Really?""Oh yes," said Marvin, "I mean I've asked for them to be replacedbut no one ever listens.""I can imagine."Vague whistling and humming noises were coming from Ford."Well well well," he kept saying to himself, "Zaphod Beeblebrox..."Suddenly Marvin stopped, and held up a hand."You know what's happened now of course?""No, what?" said Arthur, who didn't what to know."We've arrived at another of those doors."There was a sliding door let into the side of the corridor. Marvineyed it suspiciously."Well?" said Ford impatiently. "Do we go through?""Do we go through?" mimicked Marvin. "Yes. This is theentrance to the bridge. I was told to take you to the bridge.Probably the highest demand that will be made on myintellectual capacities today I shouldn't wonder."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /109Slowly, with great loathing, he stepped towards the door, like ahunter stalking his prey. Suddenly it slid open."Thank you," it said, "for making a simple door very happy."Deep in Marvin's thorax gears ground."Funny," he intoned funerally, "how just when you think life can'tpossibly get any worse it suddenly does." He heaved himselfthrough the door and left Ford and Arthur staring at each otherand shrugging their shoulders. From inside they heard Marvin'svoice again."I suppose you want to see the aliens now," he said. "Do youwant me to sit in a corner and rust, or just fall apart where I'mstanding?""Yeah, just show them in would you Marvin?" came anothervoice.Arthur looked at Ford and was astonished to see him laughing."What's ...?""Shhh," said Ford, "come in."He stepped through into the bridge.Arthur followed him in nervously and was astonished to see aman lolling back in a chair with his feet on a control consolepicking the teeth in his right-hand head with his left hand. Theright-hand head seemed to be thoroughly preoccupied with thistask, but the left-hand one was grinning a broad, relaxed,nonchalant grin. The number of things that Arthur couldn't110 / DOUGLAS ADAMSbelieve he was seeing was fairly large. His jaw flapped about at aloose end for a while.The peculiar man waved a lazy wave at Ford and with anappalling affectation of nonchalance said, "Ford, hi, how are you?Glad you could drop in."Ford was not going to be outcooled."Zaphod," he drawled, "great to see you, you're looking well, theextra arm suits you. Nice ship you've stolen."Arthur goggled at him."You mean you know this guy?" he said, waving a wild finger atZaphod."Know him!" exclaimed Ford, "he's ..." he paused, and decided todo the introductions the other way round."Oh, Zaphod, this is a friend of mine, Arthur Dent," he said, "Isaved him when his planet blew up.""Oh sure," said Zaphod, "hi Arthur, glad you could make it." Hisright-hand head looked round casually, said "hi" and went backto having his teeth picked.Ford carried on. "And Arthur," he said, "this is my semi-cousinZaphod Beeb ...""We've met," said Arthur sharply.When you're cruising down the road in the fast lane and youlazily sail past a few hard driving cars and are feeling prettypleased with yourself and then accidentally change down fromfourth to first instead of third thus making your engine leap outTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /111of your bonnet in a rather ugly mess, it tends to throw you offyour stride in much the same way that this remark threw FordPrefect off his."Err ... what?""I said we've met."Zaphod gave an awkward start of surprise and jabbed a gumsharply."Hey ... er, have we? Hey ... er ..."Ford rounded on Arthur with an angry flash in his eyes. Now hefelt he was back on home ground he suddenly began to resenthaving lumbered himself with this ignorant primitive who knewas much about the affairs of the Galaxy as an Ilford-based gnatknew about life in Peking."What do you mean you've met?" he demanded. "This is ZaphodBeeblebrox from Betelgeuse Five you know, not bloody MartinSmith from Croydon.""I don't care," said Arthur coldly. We've met, haven't we ZaphodBeeblebrox - or should I say ... Phil?""What!" shouted Ford."You'll have to remind me," said Zaphod. "I've a terrible memoryfor species.""It was at a party," pursued Arthur."Yeah, well I doubt that," said Zaphod."Cool it will you Arthur!" demanded Ford.112 / DOUGLAS ADAMSArthur would not be deterred. "A party six months ago. OnEarth ... England ..."Zaphod shook his head with a tight-lipped smile."London," insisted Arthur, "Islington.""Oh," said Zaphod with a guilty start, "that party."This wasn't fair on Ford at all. He looked backwards andforwards between Arthur and Zaphod. "What?" he said toZaphod. "You don't mean to say you've been on that miserableplanet as well do you?""No, of course not," said Zaphod breezily. "Well, I may have justdropped in briefly, you know, on my way somewhere ...""But I was stuck there for fifteen years!""Well I didn't know that did I?" "But what were you doing there?""Looking about, you know.""He gatecrashed a party," persisted Arthur, trembling with anger,"a fancy dress party ...""It would have to be, wouldn't it?" said Ford."At this party," persisted Arthur, "was a girl ... oh well, look itdoesn't matter now. The whole place has gone up in smokeanyway ...""I wish you'd stop sulking about that bloody planet," said Ford."Who was the lady?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /113"Oh just somebody. Well alright, I wasn't doing very well withher. I'd been trying all evening. Hell, she was somethingthough. Beautiful, charming, devastatingly intelligent, at last I'dgot her to myself for a bit and was plying her with a bit of talkwhen this friend of yours barges up and says Hey doll, is this guyboring you? Why don't you talk to me instead? I'm from adifferent planet." I never saw her again.""Zaphod?" exclaimed Ford."Yes," said Arthur, glaring at him and trying not to feel foolish."He only had the two arms and the one head and he calledhimself Phil, but ...""But you must admit he did turn out to be from another planet,"said Trillian wandering into sight at the other end of the bridge.She gave Arthur a pleasant smile which settled on him like a tonof bricks and then turned her attention to the ship's controlsagain.There was silence for a few seconds, and then out of thescrambled mess of Arthur's brain crawled some words."Tricia McMillian?" he said. "What are you doing here?""Same as you," she said, "I hitched a lift. After all with a degree inMaths and another in astrophysics what else was there to do? Itwas either that or the dole queue again on Monday.""Infinity minus one," chattered the computer, "Improbability sumnow complete."Zaphod looked about him, at Ford, at Arthur, and then atTrillian.114 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Trillian," he said, "is this sort of thing going to happen everytime we use the Improbability drive?""Very probably, I'm afraid," she said.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /115The Heart of Gold fled on silently through the night of space,now on conventional photon drive. Its crew of four were ill atease knowing that they had been brought together not of theirown volition or by simple coincidence, but by some curiousprinciple of physics - as if relationships between people weresusceptible to the same laws that governed the relationshipsbetween atoms and molecules.As the ship's artificial night closed in they were each grateful toretire to separate cabins and try to rationalize their thoughts.Trillian couldn't sleep. She sat on a couch and stared at a smallcage which contained her last and only links with Earth - twowhite mice that she had insisted Zaphod let her bring. She hadexpected not to see the planet again, but she was disturbed byher negative reaction to the planet's destruction. It seemedremote and unreal and she could find no thoughts to think aboutit. She watched the mice scurrying round the cage and runningfuriously in their little plastic treadwheels till they occupied herwhole attention. Suddenly she shook herself and went back tothe bridge to watch over the tiny flashing lights and figures thatcharted the ship's progress through the void. She wished sheknew what it was she was trying not to think about.Zaphod couldn't sleep. He also wished he knew what it was thathe wouldn't let himself think about. For as long as he couldremember he'd suffered from a vague nagging feeling of beingnot all there. Most of the time he was able to put this thoughtaside and not worry about it, but it had been re-awakened by thesudden inexplicable arrival of Ford Prefect and Arthur Dent.Somehow it seemed to conform to a pattern that he couldn't see.Ford couldn't sleep. He was too excited about being back on theroad again. Fifteen years of virtual imprisonment were over, just116 / DOUGLAS ADAMSas he was finally beginning to give up hope. Knocking aboutwith Zaphod for a bit promised to be a lot of fun, though thereseemed to be something faintly odd about his semi-cousin that hecouldn't put his finger on. The fact that he had becomePresident of the Galaxy was frankly astonishing, as was themanner of his leaving the post. Was there a reason behind it?There would be no point in asking Zaphod, he never appearedto have a reason for anything he did at all: he had turnedunfathomably into an art form. He attacked everything in lifewith a mixture of extraordinary genius and naive incompetenceand it was often difficult to tell which was which.Arthur slept: he was terribly tired.There was a tap at Zaphod's door. It slid open."Zaphod ...?""Yeah?""I think we just found what you came to look for.""Hey, yeah?" Ford gave up the attempt to sleep. In the corner ofhis cabin was a small computer screen and keyboard. He sat at itfor a while and tried to compose a new entry for the Guide onthe subject of Vogons but couldn't think of anything vitriolicenough so he gave that up too, wrapped a robe round himselfand went for a walk to the bridge.As he entered he was surprised to see two figures hunchedexcitedly over the instruments."See? The ship's about to move into orbit," Trillian was saying."There's a planet out there. It's at the exact coordinates youpredicted."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /117Zaphod heard a noise and looked up."Ford!" he hissed. "Hey, come and take a look at this."Ford went and had a look at it. It was a series of figures flashingover a screen."You recognize those Galactic coordinates?" said Zaphod."No.""I'll give you a clue. Computer!""Hi gang!" enthused the computer. "This is getting real sociableisn't it?""Shut up," said Zaphod, "and show up the screens."Light on the bridge sank. Pinpoints of light played across theconsoles and reflected in four pairs of eyes that stared up at theexternal monitor screens.There was absolutely nothing on them."Recognize that?" whispered Zaphod.Ford frowned."Er, no," he said."What do you see?""Nothing.""Recognize it?""What are you talking about?"118 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"We're in the Horsehead Nebula. One whole vast dark cloud.""And I was meant to recognize that from a blank screen?""Inside a dark nebula is the only place in the Galaxy you'd see adark screen." "Very good."Zaphod laughed. He was clearly very excited about something,almost childishly so."Hey, this is really terrific, this is just far too much!""What's so great about being stuck in a dust cloud?" said Ford."What would you reckon to find here?" urged Zaphod."Nothing.""No stars? No planets?""No.""Computer!" shouted Zaphod, "rotate angle of vision throughone- eighty degrees and don't talk about it!"For a moment it seemed that nothing was happening, then abrightness glowed at the edge of the huge screen. A red star thesize of a small plate crept across it followed quickly by anotherone - a binary system. Then a vast crescent sliced into the cornerof the picture - a red glare shading away into the deep black, thenight side of the planet."I've found it!" cried Zaphod, thumping the console. "I've foundit!"Ford stared at it in astonishment.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /119"What is it?" he said."That ..." said Zaphod, "is the most improbable planet that everexisted."120 / DOUGLAS ADAMS(Excerpt from The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Page634784, Section 5a, Entry: Magrathea)Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and gloriousdays of the former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largelytax free.Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seekingadventure and reward amongst the furthest reaches of Galacticspace. In those days spirits were brave, the stakes were high,men were real men, women were real women, and small furrycreatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creaturesfrom Alpha Centauri. And all dared to brave unknown terrors,to do mighty deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man hadsplit before - and thus was the Empire forged.Many men of course became extremely rich, but this wasperfectly natural and nothing to be ashamed of because no onewas really poor - at least no one worth speaking of. And for allthe richest and most successful merchants life inevitably becamerather dull and niggly, and they began to imagine that this wastherefore the fault of the worlds they'd settled on - none of themwas entirely satisfactory: either the climate wasn't quite right inthe later part of the afternoon, or the day was half an hour toolong, or the sea was exactly the wrong shade of pink.And thus were created the conditions for a staggering new formof specialist industry: custom-made luxury planet building. Thehome of this industry was the planet Magrathea, wherehyperspatial engineers sucked matter through white holes inspace to form it into dream planets - gold planets, platinumplanets, soft rubber planets with lots of earthquakes - all lovinglymade to meet the exacting standards that the Galaxy's richestmen naturally came to expect.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /121But so successful was this venture that Magrathea itself soonbecame the richest planet of all time and the rest of the Galaxywas reduced to abject poverty. And so the system broke down,the Empire collapsed, and a long sullen silence settled over abillion worlds, disturbed only by the pen scratchings of scholarsas they laboured into the night over smug little treaties on thevalue of a planned political economy.Magrathea itself disappeared and its memory soon passed intothe obscurity of legend.In these enlightened days of course, no one believes a word of it.122 / DOUGLAS ADAMSArthur awoke to the sound of argument and went to the bridge.Ford was waving his arms about."You're crazy, Zaphod," he was saying, "Magrathea is a myth, afairy story, it's what parents tell their kids about at night if theywant them to grow up to become economists, it's ...""And that's what we are currently in orbit around," insistedZaphod."Look, I can't help what you may personally be in orbit around,"said Ford, "but this ship ...""Computer!" shouted Zaphod."Oh no ...""Hi there! This is Eddie your shipboard computer, and I'mfeeling just great guys, and I know I'm just going to get a bundleof kicks out of any programme you care to run through me."Arthur looked inquiringly at Trillian. She motioned him to comeon in but keep quiet."Computer," said Zaphod, "tell us again what our presenttrajectory is." "A real pleasure feller," it burbled, "we are currentlyin orbit at an altitude of three hundred miles around thelegendary planet of Magrathea.""Proving nothing," said Ford. "I wouldn't trust that computer tospeak my weight.""I can do that for you, sure," enthused the computer, punchingout more tickertape. "I can even work out you personalityproblems to ten decimal places if it will help."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /123Trillian interrupted."Zaphod," she said, "any minute now we will be swinging roundto the daylight side of this planet," adding, "whatever it turns outto be.""Hey, what do you mean by that? The planet's where I predictedit would be isn't it?""Yes, I know there's a planet there. I'm not arguing with anyone,it's just that I wouldn't know Magrathea from any other lump ofcold rock. Dawn's coming up if you want it.""OK, OK," muttered Zaphod, "let's at least give our eyes a goodtime. Computer!""Hi there! What can I ...""Just shut up and give us a view of the planet again."A dark featureless mass once more filled the screens - the planetrolling away beneath them.They watched for a moment in silence, but Zaphod was fidgetywith excitement."We are now traversing the night side ..." he said in a hushedvoice. The planet rolled on."The surface of the planet is now three hundred miles beneath us..." he continued. He was trying to restore a sense of occasion towhat he felt should have been a great moment. Magrathea! Hewas piqued by Ford's sceptical reaction. Magrathea!"In a few seconds," he continued, "we should see ... there!"124 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe moment carried itself. Even the most seasoned star trampcan't help but shiver at the spectacular drama of a sunrise seenfrom space, but a binary sunrise is one of the marvels of theGalaxy.Out of the utter blackness stabbed a sudden point of blindinglight. It crept up by slight degrees and spread sideways in a thincrescent blade, and within seconds two suns were visible, furnacesof light, searing the black edge of the horizon with white fire.Fierce shafts of colour streaked through the thin atmospherebeneath them. "The fires of dawn ... !" breathed Zaphod. "Thetwin suns of Soulianis and Rahm ... !""Or whatever," said Ford quietly."Soulianis and Rahm!" insisted Zaphod.The suns blazed into the pitch of space and a low ghostly musicfloated through the bridge: Marvin was humming ironicallybecause he hated humans so much.As Ford gazed at the spectacle of light before them excitementburnt inside him, but only the excitement of seeing a strange newplanet, it was enough for him to see it as it was. It faintlyirritated him that Zaphod had to impose some ludicrous fantasyon to the scene to make it work for him. All this Magratheanonsense seemed juvenile. Isn't it enough to see that a garden isbeautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at thebottom of it too?All this Magrathea business seemed totally incomprehensible toArthur. He edged up to Trillian and asked her what was goingon.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /125"I only know what Zaphod's told me," she whispered."Apparently Magrathea is some kind of legend from way backwhich no one seriously believes in. Bit like Atlantis on Earth,except that the legends say the Magratheans used to manufactureplanets."Arthur blinked at the screens and felt he was missing somethingimportant. Suddenly he realized what it was."Is there any tea on this spaceship?" he asked.More of the planet was unfolding beneath them as the Heart ofGold streaked along its orbital path. The suns now stood high inthe black sky, the pyrotechnics of dawn were over, and thesurface of the planet appeared bleak and forbidding in thecommon light of day - grey, dusty and only dimly contoured. Itlooked dead and cold as a crypt. From time to time promisingfeatures would appear on the distant horizon - ravines, maybemountains, maybe even cities - but as they approached the lineswould soften and blur into anonymity and nothing wouldtranspire. The planet's surface was blurred by time, by the slowmovement of the thin stagnant air that had crept across it forcentury upon century.Clearly, it was very very old.A moment of doubt came to Ford as he watched the greylandscape move beneath them. The immensity of time worriedhim, he could feel it as a presence. He cleared his throat."Well, even supposing it is ...""It is," said Zaphod.126 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Which it isn't," continued Ford. "What do you want with itanyway? There's nothing there." "Not on the surface," saidZaphod."Alright, just supposing there's something. I take it you're nothere for the sheer industrial archaeology of it all. What are youafter?"One of Zaphod's heads looked away. The other one lookedround to see what the first was looking at, but it wasn't looking atanything very much."Well," said Zaphod airily, "it's partly the curiosity, partly a senseof adventure, but mostly I think it's the fame and the money ..."Ford glanced at him sharply. He got a very strong impressionthat Zaphod hadn't the faintest idea why he was there at all."You know I don't like the look of that planet at all," said Trillianshivering."Ah, take no notice," said Zaphod, "with half the wealth of theformer Galactic Empire stored on it somewhere it can afford tolook frumpy."Bullshit, thought Ford. Even supposing this was the home ofsome ancient civilization now gone to dust, even supposing anumber of exceedingly unlikely things, there was no way thatvast treasures of wealth were going to be stored there in any formthat would still have meaning now. He shrugged."I think it's just a dead planet," he said."The suspense is killing me," said Arthur testily.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /127Stress and nervous tension are now serious social problems in allparts of the Galaxy, and it is in order that this situation shouldnot in any way be exacerbated that the following facts will now berevealed in advance.The planet in question is in fact the legendary Magrathea.The deadly missile attack shortly to be launched by an ancientautomatic defence system will result merely in the breakage ofthree coffee cups and a micecage, the bruising of somebody'supper arm, and the untimely creation and sudden demise of abowl of petunias and an innocent sperm whale.In order that some sense of mystery should still be preserved, norevelation will yet be made concerning whose upper armsustained the bruise. This fact may safely be made the subject ofsuspense since it is of no significance whatsoever.128 / DOUGLAS ADAMSAfter a fairly shaky start to the day, Arthur's mind was beginningto reassemble itself from the shellshocked fragments the previousday had left him with. He had found a Nutri-Matic machinewhich had provided him with a plastic cup filled with a liquidthat was almost, but not quite, entirely unlike tea. The way itfunctioned was very interesting. When the Drink button waspressed it made an instant but highly detailed examination of thesubject's taste buds, a spectroscopic analysis of the subject'smetabolism and then sent tiny experimental signals down theneural pathways to the taste centres of the subject's brain to seewhat was likely to go down well. However, no one knew quitewhy it did this because it invariably delivered a cupful of liquidthat was almost, but not quite, entirely unlike tea. The Nutri-Matic was designed and manufactured by the Sirius CyberneticsCorporation whose complaints department now covers all themajor land masses of the first three planets in the Sirius Tau Starsystem.Arthur drank the liquid and found it reviving. He glanced up atthe screens again and watched a few more hundred miles ofbarren greyness slide past. It suddenly occurred to him to ask aquestion which had been bothering him."Is it safe?" he said."Magrathea's been dead for five million years," said Zaphod, "ofcourse it's safe. Even the ghosts will have settled down and raisedfamilies by now." At which point a strange and inexplicable soundthrilled suddenly through the bridge - a noise as of a distantfanfare; a hollow, reedy, insubstantial sound. It preceded a voicethat was equally hollow, reedy and insubstantial. The voice said"Greetings to you ..."Someone from the dead planet was talking to them.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /129"Computer!" shouted Zaphod."Hi there!""What the photon is it?""Oh, just some five-million-year-old tape that's being broadcast atus.""A what? A recording?""Shush!" said Ford. "It's carrying on."The voice was old, courteous, almost charming, but wasunderscored with quite unmistakable menace."This is a recorded announcement," it said, "as I'm afraid we're allout at the moment. The commercial council of Magratheathanks you for your esteemed visit ..."("A voice from ancient Magrathea!" shouted Zaphod. "OK, OK,"said Ford.)"... but regrets," continued the voice, "that the entire planet istemporarily closed for business. Thank you. If you would careto leave your name and the address of a planet where you can becontacted, kindly speak when you hear the tone." A short buzzfollowed, then silence."They want to get rid of us," said Trillian nervously. "What do wedo?""It's just a recording," said Zaphod. "We keep going. Got that,computer?"130 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"I got it," said the computer and gave the ship an extra kick ofspeed.They waited.After a second or so came the fanfare once again, and then thevoice."We would like to assure you that as soon as our business isresumed announcements will be made in all fashionablemagazines and colour supplements, when our clients will onceagain be able to select from all that's best in contemporarygeography." The menace in the voice took on a sharper edge."Meanwhile we thank our clients for their kind interest andwould ask them to leave. Now."Arthur looked round the nervous faces of his companions."Well, I suppose we'd better be going then, hadn't we?" hesuggested."Shhh!" said Zaphod. "There's absolutely nothing to be worriedabout.""Then why's everyone so tense?""They're just interested!" shouted Zaphod. "Computer, start adescent into the atmosphere and prepare for landing."This time the fanfare was quite perfunctory, the voice distinctlycold."It is most gratifying," it said, "that your enthusiasm for ourplanet continues unabated, and so we would like to assure youthat the guided missiles currently converging with your ship areTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /131part of a special service we extend to all of our most enthusiasticclients, and the fully armed nuclear warheads are of coursemerely a courtesy detail. We look forward to your custom infuture lives ... thank you."The voice snapped off."Oh," said Trillian."Er ..." said Arthur."Well?" said Ford."Look," said Zaphod, "will you get it into your heads? That's just arecorded message. It's millions of years old. It doesn't apply tous, get it?" "What," said Trillian quietly, "about the missiles?""Missiles? Don't make me laugh."Ford tapped Zaphod on the shoulder and pointed at the rearscreen. Clear in the distance behind them two silver darts wereclimbing through the atmosphere towards the ship. A quickchange of magnification brought them into close focus - twomassively real rockets thundering through the sky.Thesuddenness of it was shocking."I think they're going to have a very good try at applying to us,"said Ford.Zaphod stared at them in astonishment."Hey this is terrific!" he said. "Someone down there is trying tokill us!""Terrific," said Arthur.132 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"But don't you see what this means?""Yes. We're going to die.""Yes, but apart from that.""Apart from that?""It means we must be on to something!""How soon can we get off it?"Second by second the image of the missiles on the screen becamelarger. They had swung round now on to a direct homingcourse so that all that could be seen of them now was thewarheads, head on."As a matter of interest," said Trillian, "what are we going to do?""Just keep cool," said Zaphod."Is that all?" shouted Arthur."No, we're also going to ... er ... take evasive action!" saidZaphod with a sudden access of panic. "Computer, what evasiveaction can we take?""Er, none I'm afraid, guys," said the computer."... or something," said Zaphod, "... er ..." he said."There seems to be something jamming my guidance system,"explained the computer brightly, "impact minus forty-fiveseconds. Please call me Eddie if it will help you to relax."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /133Zaphod tried to run in several equally decisive directionssimultaneously. "Right!" he said. "Er ... we've got to get manualcontrol of this ship.""Can you fly her?" asked Ford pleasantly."No, can you?""No.""Trillian, can you?""No.""Fine," said Zaphod, relaxing. "We'll do it together.""I can't either," said Arthur, who felt it was time he began toassert himself."I'd guessed that," said Zaphod.manual control now.""OK computer, I want full"You got it," said the computer.Several large desk panels slid open and banks of control consolessprang up out of them, showering the crew with bits of expandedpolystyrene packaging and balls of rolled-up cellophane: thesecontrols had never been used before.Zaphod stared at them wildly."OK, Ford," he said, "full retro thrust and ten degrees starboard.Or something ...""Good luck guys," chirped the computer, "impact minus thirtyseconds ..."134 / DOUGLAS ADAMSFord leapt to the controls - only a few of them made anyimmediate sense to him so he pulled those. The ship shook andscreamed as its guidance rocked jets tried to push it every whichway simultaneously. He released half of them and the ship spanround in a tight arc and headed back the way it had come,straight towards the oncoming missiles.Air cushions ballooned out of the walls in an instant as everyonewas thrown against them. For a few seconds the inertial forcesheld them flattened and squirming for breath, unable to move.Zaphod struggled and pushed in manic desperation and finallymanaged a savage kick at a small lever that formed part of theguidance system.The lever snapped off. The ship twisted sharply and rocketedupwards. The crew were hurled violently back across the cabin.Ford's copy of The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy smashedinto another section of the control console with the combinedresult that the guide started to explain to anyone who cared tolisten about the best ways of smuggling Antarean parakeet glandsout of Antares (an Antarean parakeet gland stuck on a small stickis a revolting but much sought after cocktail delicacy and verylarge sums of money are often paid for them by very rich idiotswho want to impress other very rich idiots), and the shipsuddenly dropped out of the sky like a stone.It was of course more or less at this moment that one of the crewsustained a nasty bruise to the upper arm. This should beemphasized because, as had already been revealed, they escapeotherwise completely unharmed and the deadly nuclear missilesdo not eventually hit the ship. The safety of the crew isabsolutely assured."Impact minus twenty seconds, guys ..." said the computer.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /135"Then turn the bloody engines back on!" bawled Zaphod."OK, sure thing, guys," said the computer. With a subtle roar theengines cut back in, the ship smoothly flattened out of its diveand headed back towards the missiles again.The computer started to sing."When you walk through the storm ..." it whined nasally, "holdyour head up high ..."Zaphod screamed at it to shut up, but his voice was lost in the dinof what they quite naturally assumed was approachingdestruction."And don't ... be afraid ... of the dark!" Eddie wailed.The ship, in flattening out had in fact flattened out upside downand lying on the ceiling as they were it was now totally impossiblefor any of the crew to reach the guidance systems."At the end of the storm ..." crooned Eddie.The two missiles loomed massively on the screens as theythundered towards the ship."... is a golden sky ..."But by an extraordinarily lucky chance they had not yet fullycorrected their flight paths to that of the erratically weaving ship,and they passed right under it."And the sweet silver songs of the lark ... Revised impact timefifteen seconds fellas ... Walk on through the wind ..."136 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe missiles banked round in a screeching arc and plunged backinto pursuit."This is it," said Arthur watching them.definitely going to die aren't we?""We are now quite"I wish you'd stop saying that," shouted Ford."Well we are aren't we?""Yes." "Walk on through the rain ..." sang Eddie.A thought struck Arthur. He struggled to his feet."Why doesn't anyone turn on this Improbability Drive thing?" hesaid. "We could probably reach that.""What are you crazy?" said Zaphod.programming anything could happen.""Without proper"Does that matter at this stage?" shouted Arthur."Though your dreams be tossed and blown ..." sand Eddie.Arthur scrambled up on to one end of the excitingly chunkypieces of moulded contouring where the curve of the wall metthe ceiling."Walk on, walk on, with hope in your heart ...""Does anyone know why Arthur can't turn on the ImprobabilityDrive?" shouted Trillian."And you'll never walk alone ... Impact minus five seconds, it'sbeen great knowing you guys, God bless ... You'll ne ... ver ...walk ... alone!"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /137"I said," yelled Trillian, "does anyone know ..."The next thing that happened was a mid-mangling explosion ofnoise and light.138 / DOUGLAS ADAMSAnd the next thing that happened after that was that the Heartof Gold continued on its way perfectly normally with a ratherfetchingly redesigned interior. It was somewhat larger, and doneout in delicate pastel shades of green and blue. In the centre aspiral staircase, leading nowhere in particular, stood in a spray offerns and yellow flowers and next to it a stone sundial pedestalhoused the main computer terminal. Cunningly deployedlighting and mirrors created the illusion of standing in aconservatory overlooking a wide stretch of exquisitely manicuredgarden. Around the periphery of the conservatory area stoodmarble-topped tables on intricately beautiful wrought-iron legs.As you gazed into the polished surface of the marble the vagueforms of instruments became visible, and as you touched themthe instruments materialized instantly under your hands.Looked at from the correct angles the mirrors appeared to reflectall the required data readouts, though it was far from clear wherethey were reflected from. It was in fact sensationally beautiful.Relaxing in a wickerwork sun chair, Zaphod Beeblebrox said,"What the hell happened?""Well I was just saying," said Arthur lounging by a small fish pool,"there's this Improbability Drive switch over here ..." he waved atwhere it had been. There was a potted plant there now. "Butwhere are we?" said Ford who was sitting on the spiral staircase, anicely chilled Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster in his hand."Exactly where we were, I think ..." said Trillian, as all aboutthem the mirrors showed them an image of the blightedlandscape of Magrathea which still scooted along beneath them.Zaphod leapt out of his seat."Then what's happened to the missiles?" he said.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /139A new and astounding image appeared in the mirrors."They would appear," said Ford doubtfully, "to have turned intoa bowl of petunias and a very surprised looking whale ...""At an Improbability Factor," cut in Eddie, who hadn't changed abit, "of eight million seven hundred and sixty-seven thousandone hundred and twenty-eight to one against."Zaphod stared at Arthur."Did you think of that, Earthman?" he demanded."Well," said Arthur, "all I did was ...""That's very good thinking you know. Turn on the ImprobabilityDrive for a second without first activating the proofing screens.Hey kid you just saved our lives, you know that?""Oh," said Arthur, "well, it was nothing really ...""Was it?" said Zaphod. "Oh well, forget it then. OK, computer,take us in to land.""But ...""I said forget it."Another thing that got forgotten was the fact that against allprobability a sperm whale had suddenly been called intoexistence several miles above the surface of an alien planet.And since this is not a naturally tenable position for a whale, thispoor innocent creature had very little time to come to terms withits identity as a whale before it then had to come to terms withnot being a whale any more.140 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThis is a complete record of its thoughts from the moment itbegan its life till the moment it ended it.Ah ... ! What's happening? it thought.Er, excuse me, who am I?Hello? Why am I here? What's my purpose in life?What do I mean by who am I?Calm down, get a grip now ... oh! this is an interesting sensation,what is it? It's a sort of ... yawning, tingling sensation in my ...my ... well I suppose I'd better start finding names for things if Iwant to make any headway in what for the sake of what I shallcall an argument I shall call the world, so let's call it my stomach.Good. Ooooh, it's getting quite strong. And hey, what's aboutthis whistling roaring sound going past what I'm suddenly goingto call my head? Perhaps I can call that ... wind! Is that a goodname? It'll do ... perhaps I can find a better name for it laterwhen I've found out what it's for. It must be something veryimportant because there certainly seems to be a hell of a lot of it.Hey! What's this thing? This ... let's call it a tail - yeah, tail. Hey!I can can really thrash it about pretty good can't I? Wow! Wow!That feels great! Doesn't seem to achieve very much but I'llprobably find out what it's for later on. Now - have I built up anycoherent picture of things yet?No. Never mind, hey, this is really exciting, so much to find outabout, so much to look forward to, I'm quite dizzy withanticipation ... \hspace{1cm} Or is it the wind?There really is a lot of that now isn't it?THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /141And wow! Hey! What's this thing suddenly coming towards mevery fast? Very very fast. So big and flat and round, it needs abig wide sounding name like ... ow ... ound ... round ...ground! That's it! That's a good name - ground!I wonder if it will be friends with me?And the rest, after a sudden wet thud, was silence.Curiously enough, the only thing that went through the mind ofthe bowl of petunias as it fell was Oh no, not again. Many peoplehave speculated that if we knew exactly why the bowl of petuniashad thought that we would know a lot more about the nature ofthe universe than we do now.142 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Are we taking this robot with us?" said Ford, looking withdistaste at Marvin who was standing in an awkward hunchedposture in the corner under a small palm tree.Zaphod glanced away from the mirror screens which presented apa\-no\-ra\-mic view of the blighted landscape on which the Heartof Gold had now landed."Oh, the Paranoid Android," he said. "Yeah, we'll take him.""But what are supposed to do with a manically depressed robot?""You think you've got problems," said Marvin as if he wasaddressing a newly occupied coffin, "what are you supposed to doif you are a manically depressed robot? No, don't bother toanswer that, I'm fifty thousand times more intelligent than youand even I don't know the answer. It gives me a headache justtrying to think down to your level."Trillian burst in through the door from her cabin."My white mice have escaped!" she said.An expression of deep worry and concern failed to cross either ofZaphod's faces."Nuts to your white mice," he said.Trillian glared an upset glare at him, and disappeared again.It is possible that her remark would have commanded greaterattention had it been generally realized that human beings wereonly the third most intelligent life form present on the planetEarth, instead of (as was generally thought by most independentobservers) the second.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /143"Good afternoon boys."The voice was oddly familiar, but oddly different. It had amatriarchal twang. It announced itself to the crew as theyarrived at the airlock hatchway that would let them out on theplanet surface.They looked at each other in puzzlement."It's the computer," explained Zaphod. "I discovered it had anemergency back-up personality that I thought might work outbetter.""Now this is going to be your first day out on a strange newplanet," continued Eddie's new voice, "so I want you all wrappedup snug and warm, and no playing with any naughty bug-eyedmonsters."Zaphod tapped impatiently on the hatch."I'm sorry," he said, "I think we might be better off with a sliderule.""Right!" snapped the computer. "Who said that?""Will you open the exit hatch please, computer?" said Zaphodtrying not to get angry."Not until whoever said that owns up," urged the computer,stamping a few synapses closed. "Oh God," muttered Ford,slumped against a bulkhead and started to count to ten. He wasdesperately worried that one day sentinent life forms wouldforget how to do this. Only by counting could humansdemonstrate their independence of computers.144 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Come on," said Eddie sternly."Computer ..." began Zaphod ..."I'm waiting," interrupted Eddie. "I can wait all day if necessary...""Computer ..." said Zaphod again, who had been trying to thinkof some subtle piece of reasoning to put the computer down with,and had decided not to bother competing with it on its ownground, "if you don't open that exit hatch this moment I shall zapstraight off to your major data banks and reprogram you with avery large axe, got that?"Eddie, shocked, paused and considered this.Ford carried on counting quietly. This is about the mostaggressive thing you can do to a computer, the equivalent ofgoing up to a human being and saying Blood ... blood ... blood... blood ...Finally Eddie said quietly, "I can see this relationship issomething we're all going to have to work at," and the hatchwayopened.An icy wind ripped into them, they hugged themselves warmlyand stepped down the ramp on to the barren dust of Magrathea."It'll all end in tears, I know it," shouted Eddie after them andclosed the hatchway again.A few minutes later he opened and closed the hatchway again inresponse to a command that caught him entirely by surprise.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /145Five figures wandered slowly over the blighted land. Bits of itwere dullish grey, bits of it dullish brown, the rest of it rather lessinteresting to look at. It was like a dried-out marsh, now barrenof all vegetation and covered with a layer of dust about an inchthick. It was very cold.Zaphod was clearly rather depressed about it. He stalked off byhimself and was soon lost to sight behind a slight rise in theground.The wind stung Arthur's eyes and ears, and the stale thin airclasped his throat. However, the thing stung most was his mind."It's fantastic ..." he said, and his own voice rattled his ears.Sound carried badly in this thin atmosphere. "Desolate hole ifyou ask me," said Ford. "I could have more fun in a cat litter."He felt a mounting irritation. Of all the planets in all the starsystems of all the Galaxy - didn't he just have to turn up at adump like this after fifteen years of being a castaway? Not even ahot dog stand in evidence. He stooped down and picked up acold clot of earth, but there was nothing underneath it worthcrossing thousands of light years to look at."No," insisted Arthur, "don't you understand, this is the first timeI've actually stood on the surface of another planet ... a wholealien world ...! Pity it's such a dump though."Trillian hugged herself, shivered and frowned. She could havesworn she saw a slight and unexpected movement out of thecorner of her eye, but when she glanced in that direction all shecould see was the ship, still and silent, a hundred yards or sobehind them.146 / DOUGLAS ADAMSShe was relieved when a second or so later they caught sight ofZaphod standing on top of the ridge of ground and waving tothem to come and join him.He seemed to be excited, but they couldn't clearly hear what hewas saying because of the thinnish atmosphere and the wind.As they approached the ridge of higher ground they becameaware that it seemed to be circular - a crater about a hundredand fifty yards wide. Round the outside of the crater the slopingground was spattered with black and red lumps. They stoppedand looked at a piece. It was wet. It was rubbery.With horror they suddenly realized that it was fresh whalemeat.At the top of the crater's lip they met Zaphod."Look," he said, pointing into the crater.In the centre lay the exploded carcass of a lonely sperm whalethat hadn't lived long enough to be disappointed with its lot.The silence was only disturbed by the slight involuntary spasmsof Trillian's throat."I suppose there's no point in trying to bury it?" murmuredArthur, and then wished he hadn't."Come," said Zaphod and started back down into the crater."What, down there?" said Trillian with severe distaste."Yeah," said Zaphod, "come on, I've got something to show you.""We can see it," said Trillian."Not that," said Zaphod, "something else. Come on."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /147They all hesitated."Come on," insisted Zaphod, "I've found a way in." "In?" saidArthur in horror."Into the interior of the planet! An underground passage. Theforce of the whale's impact cracked it open, and that's where wehave to go. Where no man has trod these five million years, intothe very depths of time itself ..."Marvin started his ironical humming again.Zaphod hit him and he shut up.With little shudders of disgust they all followed Zaphod down theincline into the crater, trying very hard not to look at itsunfortunate creator."Life," said Marvin dolefully, "loathe it or ignore it, you can't likeit."The ground had caved in where the whale had hit it revealing anetwork of galleries and passages, now largely obstructed bycollapsed rubble and entrails. Zaphod had made a start clearinga way into one of them, but Marvin was able to do it rather faster.Dank air wafted out of its dark recesses, and as Zaphod shone atorch into it, little was visible in the dusty gloom."According to the legends," he said, "the Magratheans lived mostof their lives underground.""Why's that?" said Arthur. "Did the surface become too pollutedor overpopulated?"148 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"No, I don't think so," said Zaphod. "I think they just didn't likeit very much.""Are you sure you know what you're doing?" said Trillian peeringnervously into the darkness. "We've been attacked once alreadyyou know.""Look kid, I promise you the live population of this planet is nilplus the four of us, so come on, let's get on in there. Er, heyEarthman ...""Arthur," said Arthur."Yeah could you just sort of keep this robot with you and guardthis end of the passageway. OK?""Guard?" said Arthur. "What from? You just said there's no onehere.""Yeah, well, just for safety, OK?" said Zaphod."Whose? Yours or mine?""Good lad. OK, here we go."Zaphod scrambled down into the passage, followed by Trillianand Ford. "Well I hope you all have a really miserable time,"complained Arthur."Don't worry," Marvin assured him, "they will."In a few seconds they had disappeared from view.Arthur stamped around in a huff, and then decided that awhale's graveyard is not on the whole a good place to stamparound in.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /149Marvin eyed him balefully for a moment, and then turnedhimself off.Zaphod marched quickly down the passageway, nervous as hell,but trying to hide it by striding purposefully. He flung the torchbeam around. The walls were covered in dark tiles and werecold to the touch, the air thick with decay."There, what did I tell you?" he said. "An inhabited planet.Magrathea," and he strode on through the dirt and debris thatlittered the tile floor.Trillian was reminded unavoidably of the London Underground,though it was less thoroughly squalid.At intervals along the walls the tiles gave way to large mosaics -simple angular patterns in bright colours. Trillian stopped andstudied one of them but could not interpret any sense in them.She called to Zaphod."Hey, have you any idea what these strange symbols are?""I think they're just strange symbols of some kind," said Zaphod,hardly glancing back.Trillian shrugged and hurried after him.>From time to time a doorway led either to the left or right intosmallish chambers which Ford discovered to be full of derelictcomputer equipment. He dragged Zaphod into one to have alook. Trillian followed."Look," said Ford, "you reckon this is Magrathea ...""Yeah," said Zaphod, "and we heard the voice, right?"150 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"OK, so I've bought the fact that it's Magrathea - for the moment.What you have so far said nothing about is how in the Galaxy youfound it. You didn't just look it up in a star atlas, that's for sure.""Research. Government archives. Detective work. Few luckyguesses. Easy.""And then you stole the Heart of Gold to come and look for itwith?""I stole it to look for a lot of things." "A lot of things?" said Ford insurprise. "Like what?""I don't know.""What?""I don't know what I'm looking for.""Why not?""Because ... because ... I think it might be because if I knew Iwouldn't be able to look for them.""What, are you crazy?""It's a possibility I haven't ruled out yet," said Zaphod quietly. "Ionly know as much about myself as my mind can work out underits current conditions. And its current conditions are not good."For a long time nobody said anything as Ford gazed at Zaphodwith a mind suddenly full of worry."Listen old friend, if you want to ..." started Ford eventually.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /151"No, wait ... I'll tell you something," said Zaphod. "I freewheel alot. I get an idea to do something, and, hey, why not, I do it. Ireckon I'll become President of the Galaxy, and it just happens,it's easy. I decide to steal this ship. I decide to look forMagrathea, and it all just happens. Yeah, I work out how it canbest be done, right, but it always works out. It's like having aGalacticredit card which keeps on working though you neversend off the cheques. And then whenever I stop and think - whydid I want to do something? - how did I work out how to do it? -I get a very strong desire just to stop thinking about it. Like Ihave now. It's a big effort to talk about it."Zaphod paused for a while. For a while there was silence. Thenhe frowned and said, "Last night I was worrying about this again.About the fact that part of my mind just didn't seem to workproperly. Then it occurred to me that the way it seemed was thatsomeone else was using my mind to have good ideas with,without telling me about it. I put the two ideas together anddecided that maybe that somebody had locked off part of mymind for that purpose, which was why I couldn't use it. Iwondered if there was a way I could check."I went to the ship's medical bay and plugged myself into theencephelographic screen. I went through every major screeningtest on both my heads - all the tests I had to go through undergovernment medical officers before my nomination forPresidency could be properly ratified. They showed up nothing.Nothing unexpected at least. They showed that I was clever,imaginative, irresponsible, untrustworthy, extrovert, nothing youcouldn't have guessed. And no other anomalies. So I startedinventing further tests, completely at random. Nothing. Then Itried superimposing the results from one head on top of theresults from the other head. Still nothing. Finally I got silly,152 / DOUGLAS ADAMSbecause I'd given it all up as nothing more than an attack ofparanoia. Last thing I did before I packed it in was take thesuperimposed picture and look at it through a green filter. Youremember I was always superstitious about the color green whenI was a kid? I always wanted to be a pilot on one of the tradingscouts?"Ford nodded."And there it was," said Zaphod, "clear as day. A whole section inthe middle of both brains that related only to each other and notto anything else around them. Some bastard had cauterized allthe synapses and electronically traumatised those two lumps ofcerebellum."Ford stared at him, aghast. Trillian had turned white."Somebody did that to you?" whispered Ford."Yeah.""But have you any idea who? Or why?""Why? I can only guess. But I do know who the bastard was.""You know? How do you know?""Because they left their initials burnt into the cauterized synapses.They left them there for me to see."Ford stared at him in horror and felt his skin begin to crawl."Initials? Burnt into your brain?""Yeah."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /153"Well, what were they, for God's sake?"Zaphod looked at him in silence again for a moment. Then helooked away."Z.B.," he said.At that moment a steel shutter slammed down behind them andgas started to pour into the chamber."I'll tell you about it later," choked Zaphod as all three passed out.154 / DOUGLAS ADAMSOn the surface of Magrathea Arthur wandered about moodily.Ford had thoughtfully left him his copy of The Hitch Hiker'sGuide to the Galaxy to while away the time with. He pushed afew buttons at random.The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a very unevenly editedbook and contains many passages that simply seemed to itseditors like a good idea at the time.One of these (the one Arthur now came across) supposedlyrelates the experiences of one Veet Voojagig, a quiet youngstudent at the University of Maximegalon, who pursued abrilliant academic career studying ancient philology,transformational ethics and the wave harmonic theory ofhistorical perception, and then, after a night of drinking PanGalactic Gargle Blasters with Zaphod Beeblebrox, becameincreasingly obsessed with the problem of what had happened toall the biros he'd bought over the past few years.There followed a long period of painstaking research duringwhich he visited all the major centres of biro loss throughout thegalaxy and eventually came up with a quaint little theory whichquite caught the public imagination at the time. Somewhere inthe cosmos, he said, along with all the planets inhabited byhumanoids, reptiloids, fishoids, walking treeoids andsuperintelligent shades of the colour blue, there was also a planetentirely given over to biro life forms. And it was to this planetthat unattended biros would make their way, slipping awayquietly through wormholes in space to a world where they knewthey could enjoy a uniquely biroid lifestyle, responding to highlybiro-oriented stimuli, and generally leading the biro equivalentof the good life.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /155And as theories go this was all very fine and pleasant until VeetVoojagig suddenly claimed to have found this planet, and tohave worked there for a while driving a limousine for a family ofcheap green retractables, whereupon he was taken away, lockedup, wrote a book, and was finally sent into tax exile, which is theusual fate reserved for those who are determined to make a foolof themselves in public.When one day an expedition was sent to the spatial coordinatesthat Voojagig had claimed for this planet they discovered only asmall asteroid inhabited by a solitary old man who claimedrepeatedly that nothing was true, though he was later discoveredto be lying.There did, however, remain the question of both the mysterious60,000 Altairan dollars paid yearly into his Brantisvogan bankaccount, and of course Zaphod Beeblebrox's highly profitablesecond-hand biro business.Arthur read this, and put the book down.The robot still sat there, completely inert.Arthur got up and walked to the top of the crater. He walkedaround the crater. He watched two suns set magnificently overMagrathea.He went back down into the crater. He woke the robot upbecause even a manically depressed robot is better to talk to thannobody."Night's falling," he said. "Look robot, the stars are coming out.">From the heart of a dark nebula it is possible to see very fewstars, and only very faintly, but they were there to be seen.156 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe robot obediently looked at them, then looked back."I know," he said. "Wretched isn't it?""But that sunset! I've never seen anything like it in my wildestdreams ... the two suns! It was like mountains of fire boiling intospace.""I've seen it," said Marvin. "It's rubbish.""We only ever had the one sun at home," persevered Arthur, "Icame from a planet called Earth you know.""I know," said Marvin, "you keep going on about it. It soundsawful.""Ah no, it was a beautiful place.""Did it have oceans?""Oh yes," said Arthur with a sigh, "great wide rolling blue oceans...""Can't bear oceans," said Marvin."Tell me," inquired Arthur, "do you get on well with otherrobots?""Hate them," said Marvin. "Where are you going?"Arthur couldn't bear any more. He had got up again."I think I'll just take another walk," he said.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /157"Don't blame you," said Marvin and counted five hundred andninety-seven thousand million sheep before falling asleep again asecond later.Arthur slapped his arms about himself to try and get hiscirculation a little more enthusiastic about its job. He trudgedback up the wall of the crater.Because the atmosphere was so thin and because there was nomoon, nightfall was very rapid and it was by now very dark.Because of this, Arthur practically walked into the old manbefore he noticed him.158 / DOUGLAS ADAMSHe was standing with his back to Arthur watching the very lastglimmers of light sink into blackness behind the horizon. He wastallish, elderly and dressed in a single long grey robe. When heturned his face was thin and distinguished, careworn but notunkind, the sort of face you would happily bank with. But hedidn't turn yet, not even to react to Arthur's yelp of surprise.Eventually the last rays of the sun had vanished completely, andhe turned. His face was still illuminated from somewhere, andwhen Arthur looked for the source of the light he saw that a fewyards away stood a small craft of some kind - a small hovercraft,Arthur guessed. It shed a dim pool of light around it.The man looked at Arthur, sadly it seemed."You choose a cold night to visit our dead planet," he said."Who ... who are you?" stammered Arthur.The man looked away. Again a kind of sadness seemed to crosshis face."My name is not important," he said.He seemed to have something on his mind. Conversation wasclearly something he felt he didn't have to rush at. Arthur feltawkward."I ... er ... you startled me ..." he said, lamely.The man looked round to him again and slightly raised hiseyebrows."Hmmmm?" he said."I said you startled me."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /159"Do not be alarmed, I will not harm you."Arthur frowned at him. "But you shot at us! There were missiles..." he said.The man chuckled slightly."An automatic system," he said and gave a small sigh. "Ancientcomputers ranged in the bowels of the planet tick away the darkmillennia, and the ages hang heavy on their dusty data banks. Ithink they take the occasional pot shot to relieve the monotony."He looked gravely at Arthur and said, "I'm a great fan of scienceyou know.""Oh ... er, really?" said Arthur, who was beginning to find theman's curious, kindly manner disconcerting."Oh, yes," said the old man, and simply stopped talking again."Ah," said Arthur, "er ..." He had an odd felling of being like aman in the act of adultery who is surprised when the woman'shusband wanders into the room, changes his trousers, passes afew idle remarks about the weather and leaves again."You seem ill at ease," said the old man with polite concern."Er, no ... well, yes. Actually you see, we weren't really expectingto find anybody about in fact. I sort of gathered that you were alldead or something ...""Dead?" said the old man. "Good gracious no, we have but slept.""Slept?" said Arthur incredulously.160 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Yes, through the economic recession you see," said the old man,apparently unconcerned about whether Arthur understood aword he was talking about or not."Er, economic recession?""Well you see, five million years ago the Galactic economycollapsed, and seeing that custom-made planets are something ofa luxury commodity you see ..."He paused and looked at Arthur."You know we built planets do you?" he asked solemnly."Well yes," said Arthur, "I'd sort of gathered ...""Fascinating trade," said the old man, and a wistful look cameinto his eyes, "doing the coastlines was always my favourite. Usedto have endless fun doing the little bits in fjords ... so anyway,"he said trying to find his thread again, "the recession came andwe decided it would save us a lot of bother if we just sleptthrough it. So we programmed the computers to revive us whenit was all over."The man stifled a very slight yawn and continued."The computers were index linked to the Galactic stock marketprices you see, so that we'd all be revived when everybody elsehad rebuilt the economy enough to afford our rather expensiveservices."Arthur, a regular Guardian reader, was deeply shocked at this."That's a pretty unpleasant way to behave isn't it?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /161"Is it?" asked the old man mildly. "I'm sorry, I'm a bit out oftouch."He pointed down into the crater."Is that robot yours?" he said."No," came a thin metallic voice from the crater, "I'm mine.""If you'd call it a robot," muttered Arthur. "It's more a sort ofelectronic sulking machine.""Bring it," said the old man. Arthur was quite surprised to hear anote of decision suddenly present in the old man's voice. Hecalled to Marvin who crawled up the slope making a big show ofbeing lame, which he wasn't. "On second thoughts," said the oldman, "leave it here. You must come with me. Great things areafoot." He turned towards his craft which, though no apparentsignal had been given, now drifted quietly towards them throughthe dark.Arthur looked down at Marvin, who now made an equally bigshow of turning round laboriously and trudging off down intothe crater again muttering sour nothings to himself."Come," called the old man, "come now or you will be late.""Late?" said Arthur. "What for?""What is your name, human?""Dent. Arthur Dent," said Arthur."Late, as in the late Dentarthurdent," said the old man, sternly."It's a sort of threat you see." Another wistful look came into his162 / DOUGLAS ADAMStired old eyes. "I've never been very good at them myself, butI'm told they can be very effective."Arthur blinked at him."What an extraordinary person," he muttered to himself."I beg your pardon?" said the old man."Oh nothing, I'm sorry," said Arthur in embarrassment. "Alright,where do we go?""In my aircar," said the old man motioning Arthur to get into thecraft which had settled silently next to them. "We are going deepinto the bowels of the planet where even now our race is beingrevived from its five-million-year slumber. Magrathea awakes."Arthur shivered involuntarily as he seated himself next to the oldman. The strangeness of it, the silent bobbing movement of thecraft as it soared into the night sky quite unsettled him.He looked at the old man, his face illuminated by the dull glow oftiny lights on the instrument panel."Excuse me," he said to him, "what is your name by the way?""My name?" said the old man, and the same distant sadness cameinto his face again. He paused. "My name," he said, "... isSlartibartfast."Arthur practically choked."I beg your pardon?" he spluttered."Slartibartfast," repeated the old man quietly.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /163"Slartibartfast?"The old man looked at him gravely. "I said it wasn't important,"he said.The aircar sailed through the night.164 / DOUGLAS ADAMSIt is an important and popular fact that things are not alwayswhat they seem. For instance, on the planet Earth, man hadalways assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphinsbecause he had achieved so much - the wheel, New York, warsand so on - whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck aboutin the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphinshad always believed that they were far more intelligent than man- for precisely the same reasons.Curiously enough, the dolphins had long known of theimpending destruction of the planet Earth and had made manyattempts to alert mankind of the danger; but most of theircommunications were misinterpreted as amusing attempts topunch footballs or whistle for tidbits, so they eventually gave upand left the Earth by their own means shortly before the Vogonsarrived.The last ever dolphin message was misinterpreted as asurprisingly sophisticated attempt to do a double-backwards-somersault through a hoop whilst whistling the "Star SprangledBanner", but in fact the message was this: So long and thanks forall the fish.In fact there was only one species on the planet more intelligentthan dolphins, and they spent a lot of their time in behaviouralresearch laboratories running round inside wheels andconducting frighteningly elegant and subtle experiments onman.The fact that once again man completely misinterpreted thisrelationship was entirely according to these creatures' plans.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /165Silently the aircar coasted through the cold darkness, a single softglow of light that was utterly alone in the deep Magratheannight. It sped swiftly. Arthur's companion seemed sunk in hisown thoughts, and when Arthur tried on a couple of occasions toengage him in conversation again he would simply reply byasking if he was comfortable enough, and then left it at that.Arthur tried to gauge the speed at which they were travelling,but the blackness outside was absolute and he was denied anyreference points. The sense of motion was so soft and slight hecould almost believe they were hardly moving at all.Then a tiny glow of light appeared in the far distance and withinseconds had grown so much in size that Arthur realized it wastravelling towards them at a colossal speed, and he tried to makeout what sort of craft it might be. He peered at it, but was unableto discern any clear shape, and suddenly gasped in alarm as theaircraft dipped sharply and headed downwards in what seemedcertain to be a collision course. Their relative velocity seemedunbelievable, and Arthur had hardly time to draw breath beforeit was all over. The next thing he was aware of was an insanesilver blur that seemed to surround him. He twisted his headsharply round and saw a small black point dwindling rapidly inthe distance behind them, and it took him several seconds torealize what had happened.They had plunged into a tunnel in the ground. The colossalspeed had been their own relative to the glow of light which wasa stationary hole in the ground, the mouth of the tunnel. Theinsane blur of silver was the circular wall of the tunnel downwhich they were shooting, apparently at several hundred milesan hour.He closed his eyes in terror.166 / DOUGLAS ADAMSAfter a length of time which he made no attempt to judge, hesensed a slight subsidence in their speed and some while laterbecame aware that they were gradually gliding to a gentle halt.He opened his eyes again. They were still in the silver tunnel,threading and weaving their way through what appeared to be acrisscross warren of converging tunnels. When they finallystopped it was in a small chamber of curved steel. Severaltunnels also had their terminus here, and at the farther end ofthe chamber Arthur could see a large circle of dim irritatinglight. It was irritating because it played tricks with the eyes, itwas impossible to focus on it properly or tell how near or far itwas. Arthur guessed (quite wrongly) that it might be ultra violet.Slartibartfast turned and regarded Arthur with his solemn oldeyes."Earthman," he said, "we are now deep in the heart ofMagrathea.""How did you know I was an Earthman?" demanded Arthur."These things will become clear to you," said the old man gently,"at least," he added with slight doubt in his voice, "clearer thanthey are at the moment."He continued: "I should warn you that the chamber we are aboutto pass into does not literally exist within our planet. It is a littletoo ... large. We are about to pass through a gateway into a vasttract of hyperspace. It may disturb you."Arthur made nervous noises.Slartibartfast touched a button and added, not entirelyreassuringly. "It scares the willies out of me. Hold tight."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /167The car shot forward straight into the circle of light, andsuddenly Arthur had a fairly clear idea of what infinity lookedlike.It wasn't infinity in fact.Infinity itself looks flat anduninteresting. Looking up into the night sky is looking intoinfinity - distance is incomprehensible and therefore meaningless.The chamber into which the aircar emerged was anything butinfinite, it was just very very big, so that it gave the impression ofinfinity far better than infinity itself.Arthur's senses bobbed and span, as, travelling at the immensespeed he knew the aircar attained, they climbed slowly throughthe open air leaving the gateway through which they had passedan invisible pinprick in the shimmering wall behind them.The wall.The wall defied the imagination - seduced it and defeated it. Thewall was so paralysingly vast and sheer that its top, bottom andsides passed away beyond the reach of sight. The mere shock ofvertigo could kill a man.The wall appeared perfectly flat. It would take the finest lasermeasuring equipment to detect that as it climbed, apparently toinfinity, as it dropped dizzily away, as it planed out to either side,it also curved. It met itself again thirteen light seconds away. Inother words the wall formed the inside of a hollow sphere, asphere over three million miles across and flooded withunimaginable light."Welcome," said Slartibartfast as the tiny speck that was theaircar, travelling now at three times the speed of sound, crept168 / DOUGLAS ADAMSimperceptibly forward into the mindboggling space, "welcome,"he said, "to our factory floor."Arthur stared about him in a kind of wonderful horror. Rangedaway before them, at distances he could neither judge nor evenguess at, were a series of curious suspensions, delicate traceries ofmetal and light hung about shadowy spherical shapes that hungin the space."This," said Slartibartfast, "is where we make most of our planetsyou see.""You mean," said Arthur, trying to form the words, "you meanyou're starting it all up again now?""No no, good heavens no," exclaimed the old man, "no, theGalaxy isn't nearly rich enough to support us yet. No, we've beenawakened to perform just one extraordinary commission for very... special clients from another dimension. It may interest you ...there in the distance in front of us."Arthur followed the old man's finger, till he was able to pick outthe floating structure he was pointing out. It was indeed the onlyone of the many structures that betrayed any sign of activityabout it, though this was more a sublimal impression thananything one could put one's finger on.At the moment however a flash of light arced through thestructure and revealed in stark relief the patterns that wereformed on the dark sphere within. Patterns that Arthur knew,rough blobby shapes that were as familiar to him as the shapes ofwords, part of the furniture of his mind. For a few seconds he satin stunned silence as the images rushed around his mind andtried to find somewhere to settle down and make sense. Part ofTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /169his brain told him that he knew perfectly well what he waslooking at and what the shapes represented whilst another quitesensibly refused to countenance the idea and abdicatedresponsibility for any further thinking in that direction.The flash came again, and this time there could be no doubt."The Earth ..." whispered Arthur."Well, the Earth Mark Two in fact," said Slartibartfast cheery."We're making a copy from our original blueprints."There was a pause."Are you trying to tell me," said Arthur, slowly and with control,"that you originally ... made the Earth?""Oh yes," said Slartibartfast. "Did you ever go to a place ... Ithink it was called Norway?""No," said Arthur, "no, I didn't.""Pity," said Slartibartfast, "that was one of mine. Won an awardyou know. Lovely crinkly edges. I was most upset to hear aboutits destruction.""You were upset!""Yes. Five minutes later and it wouldn't have mattered so much.It was a quite shocking cock-up.""Huh?" said Arthur."The mice were furious.""The mice were furious?"170 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Oh yes," said the old man mildly."Yes well so I expect were the dogs and cats and duckbilledplatypuses, but ...""Ah, but they hadn't paid for it you see, had they?""Look," said Arthur, "would it save you a lot of time if I just gaveup and went mad now?"For a while the aircar flew on in awkward silence. Then the oldman tried patiently to explain."Earthman, the planet you lived on was commissioned, paid for,and run by mice. It was destroyed five minutes before thecompletion of the purpose for which it was built, and we've got tobuild another one."Only one word registered with Arthur."Mice?" he said. "Indeed Earthman.""Look, sorry - are we talking about the little white furry thingswith the cheese fixation and women standing on tables screamingin early sixties sit coms?"Slartibartfast coughed politely."Earthman," he said, "it is sometimes hard to follow your mode ofspeech. Remember I have been asleep inside this planet ofMagrathea for five million years and know little of these earlysixties sit coms of which you speak. These creatures you callmice, you see, they are not quite as they appear. They aremerely the protrusion into our dimension of vast hyperintelligentTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /171pan- dimensional beings. The whole business with the cheeseand the squeaking is just a front."The old man paused, and with a sympathetic frown continued."They've been experimenting on you I'm afraid."Arthur thought about this for a second, and then his face cleared."Ah no," he said, "I see the source of the misunderstanding now.No, look you see, what happened was that we used to doexperiments on them. They were often used in behaviouralresearch, Pavlov and all that sort of stuff. So what happened washat the mice would be set all sorts of tests, learning to ring bells,run around mazes and things so that the whole nature of thelearning process could be examined. From our observations oftheir behaviour we were able to learn all sorts of things about ourown ..."Arthur's voice tailed off."Such subtlety ..." said Slartibartfast, "one has to admire it.""What?" said Arthur."How better to disguise their real natures, and how better toguide your thinking. Suddenly running down a maze the wrongway, eating the wrong bit of cheese, unexpectedly dropping deadof myxomatosis, - if it's finely calculated the cumulative effect isenormous."He paused for effect."You see, Earthman, they really are particularly cleverhyperintelligent pan-dimensional beings.Your planet and172 / DOUGLAS ADAMSpeople have formed the matrix of an organic computer runninga ten- million-year research programme ..."Let me tell you the whole story. It'll take a little time.""Time," said Arthur weakly, "is not currently one of myproblems."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /173There are of course many problems connected with life, of whichsome of the most popular are Why are people born? Why dothey die? Why do they want to spend so much of the interveningtime wearing digital watches?Many many millions of years ago a race of hyperintelligent pan-dimensional beings (whose physical manifestation in their ownpan-dimensional universe is not dissimilar to our own) got so fedup with the constant bickering about the meaning of life whichused to interrupt their favourite pastime of Brockian UltraCricket (a curious game which involved suddenly hitting peoplefor no readily apparent reason and then running away) that theydecided to sit down and solve their problems once and for all.And to this end they built themselves a stupendous supercomputer which was so amazingly intelligent that even before thedata banks had been connected up it had started from I thinktherefore I am and got as far as the existence of rice pudding andincome tax before anyone managed to turn it off.It was the size of a small city.Its main console was installed in a specially designed executiveoffice, mounted on an enormous executive desk of finestultramahagony topped with rich ultrared leather. The darkcarpeting was discreetly sumptuous, exotic pot plants andtastefully engraved prints of the principal computerprogrammers and their families were deployed liberally aboutthe room, and stately windows looked out upon a tree-linedpublic square.On the day of the Great On-Turning two soberly dressedprogrammers with brief cases arrived and were shown discreetlyinto the office. They were aware that this day they would174 / DOUGLAS ADAMSrepresent their entire race in its greatest moment, but theyconducted themselves calmly and quietly as they seatedthemselves deferentially before the desk, opened their brief casesand took out their leather-bound notebooks.Their names were Lunkwill and Fook.For a few moments they sat in respectful silence, then, afterexchanging a quiet glance with Fook, Lunkwill leaned forwardand touched a small black panel.The subtlest of hums indicated that the massive computer wasnow in total active mode. After a pause it spoke to them in avoice rich resonant and deep.It said: "What is this great task for which I, Deep Thought, thesecond greatest computer in the Universe of Time and Spacehave been called into existence?"Lunkwill and Fook glanced at each other in surprise."Your task, O Computer ..." began Fook. "No, wait a minute,this isn't right," said Lunkwill, worried. "We distinctly designedthis computer to be the greatest one ever and we're not makingdo with second best.Deep Thought," he addressed thecomputer, "are you not as we designed you to be, the greatestmost powerful computer in all time?""I described myself as the second greatest," intoned DeepThought, "and such I am."Another worried look passed between the two programmers.Lunkwill cleared his throat.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /175"There must be some mistake," he said, "are you not a greatestcomputer than the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count allthe atoms in a star in a millisecond?""The Milliard Gargantubrain?" said Deep Thought withunconcealed contempt. "A mere abacus - mention it not.""And are you not," said Fook leaning anxiously forward, "agreater analyst than the Googleplex Star Thinker in the SeventhGalaxy of Light and Ingenuity which can calculate the trajectoryof every single dust particle throughout a five-week DangrabadBeta sand blizzard?""A five-week sand blizzard?" said Deep Thought haughtily. "Youask this of me who have contemplated the very vectors of theatoms in the Big Bang itself? Molest me not with this pocketcalculator stuff."The two programmers sat in uncomfortable silence for amoment. Then Lunkwill leaned forward again."But are you not," he said, "a more fiendish disputant than theGreat Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler ofCiceronicus 12, the Magic and Indefatigable?""The Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler," saidDeep Thought thoroughly rolling the r's, "could talk all four legsoff an Arcturan MegaDonkey - but only I could persuade it to gofor a walk afterwards.""Then what," asked Fook, "is the problem?""There is no problem," said Deep Thought with magnificentringing tones. "I am simply the second greatest computer in theUniverse of Space and Time."176 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"But the second?" insisted Lunkwill. "Why do you keep sayingthe second? You're surely not thinking of the MulticorticoidPerspicutron Titan Muller are you? Or the Pondermatic? Or the..."Contemptuous lights flashed across the computer's console."I spare not a single unit of thought on these cyberneticsimpletons!" he boomed. "I speak of none but the computer thatis to come after me!" Fook was losing patience. He pushed hisnotebook aside and muttered, "I think this is getting needlesslymessianic.""You know nothing of future time," pronounced Deep Thought,"and yet in my teeming circuitry I can navigate the infinite deltastreams of future probability and see that there must one daycome a computer whose merest operational parameters I am notworthy to calculate, but which it will be my fate eventually todesign."Fook sighed heavily and glanced across to Lunkwill."Can we get on and ask the question?" he said.Lunkwill motioned him to wait."What computer is this of which you speak?" he asked."I will speak of it no further in this present time," said DeepThought. "Now. Ask what else of me you will that I mayfunction. Speak."They shrugged at each other. Fook composed himself.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /177"O Deep Thought Computer," he said, "the task we havedesigned you to perform is this. We want you to tell us ..." hepaused, "... the Answer!""The answer?" said Deep Thought. "The answer to what?""Life!" urged Fook."The Universe!" said Lunkwill."Everything!" they said in chorus.Deep Thought paused for a moment's reflection."Tricky," he said finally. "But can you do it?"Again, a significant pause."Yes," said Deep Thought, "I can do it.""There is an answer?" said Fook with breathless excitement.""A simple answer?" added Lunkwill."Yes," said Deep Thought. "Life, the Universe, and Everything.There is an answer. But," he added, "I'll have to think about it."A sudden commotion destroyed the moment: the door flew openand two angry men wearing the coarse faded-blue robes andbelts of the Cruxwan University burst into the room, thrustingaside the ineffectual flunkies who tried to bar their way. "Wedemand admission!" shouted the younger of the two menelbowing a pretty young secretary in the throat."Come on," shouted the older one, "you can't keep us out!" Hepushed a junior programmer back through the door.178 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"We demand that you can't keep us out!" bawled the youngerone, though he was now firmly inside the room and no furtherattempts were being made to stop him."Who are you?" said Lunkwill, rising angrily from his seat. "Whatdo you want?""I am Majikthise!" announced the older one."And I demand that I am Vroomfondel!" shouted the youngerone.Majikthise turned on Vroomfondel. "It's alright," he explainedangrily, "you don't need to demand that.""Alright!" bawled Vroomfondel banging on an nearby desk. "Iam Vroomfondel, and that is not a demand, that is a solid fact!What we demand is solid facts!""No we don't!" exclaimed Majikthise in irritation.precisely what we don't demand!""That isScarcely pausing for breath, Vroomfondel shouted, "We don'tdemand solid facts! What we demand is a total absence of solidfacts. I demand that I may or may not be Vroomfondel!""But who the devil are you?" exclaimed an outraged Fook."We," said Majikthise, "are Philosophers.""Though we may not be," said Vroomfondel waving a warningfinger at the programmers."Yes we are," insisted Majikthise. "We are quite definitely here asrepresentatives of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers,THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /179Sages, Luminaries and Other Thinking Persons, and we wantthis machine off, and we want it off now!""What's the problem?" said Lunkwill."I'll tell you what the problem is mate," said Majikthise,"demarcation, that's the problem!""We demand," yelled Vroomfondel, "that demarcation may ormay not be the problem!""You just let the machines get on with the adding up," warnedMajikthise, "and we'll take care of the eternal verities thank youvery much. You want to check your legal position you do mate.Under law the Quest for Ultimate Truth is quite clearly theinalienable prerogative of your working thinkers. Any bloodymachine goes and actually finds it and we're straight out of a jobaren't we? I mean what's the use of our sitting up half the nightarguing that there may or may not be a God if this machine onlygoes and gives us his bleeding phone number the next morning?""That's right!" shouted Vroomfondel, "we demand rigidly definedareas of doubt and uncertainty!"Suddenly a stentorian voice boomed across the room."Might I make an observation at this point?" inquired DeepThought."We'll go on strike!" yelled Vroomfondel."That's right!" agreed Majikthise.Philosopher's strike on your hands!""You'll have a national180 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe hum level in the room suddenly increased as severalancillary bass driver units, mounted in sedately carved andvarnished cabinet speakers around the room, cut in to give DeepThought's voice a little more power."All I wanted to say," bellowed the computer, "is that my circuitsare now irrevocably committed to calculating the answer to theUltimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything -" hepaused and satisfied himself that he now had everyone'sattention, before continuing more quietly, "but the programmewill take me a little while to run."Fook glanced impatiently at his watch."How long?" he said."Seven and a half million years," said Deep Thought.Lunkwill and Fook blinked at each other."Seven and a half million years ...!" they cried in chorus."Yes," declaimed Deep Thought, "I said I'd have to think about it,didn't I? And it occurs to me that running a programme like thisis bound to create an enormous amount of popular publicity forthe whole area of philosophy in general. Everyone's going tohave their own theories about what answer I'm eventually tocome up with, and who better to capitalize on that media marketthan you yourself? So long as you can keep disagreeing with eachother violently enough and slagging each other off in the popularpress, you can keep yourself on the gravy train for life. Howdoes that sound?"The two philosophers gaped at him.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /181"Bloody hell," said Majikthise, "now that is what I call thinking.Here Vroomfondel, why do we never think of things like that?""Dunno," said Vroomfondel in an awed whisper, "think ourbrains must be too highly trained Majikthise."So saying, they turned on their heels and walked out of the doorand into a lifestyle beyond their wildest dreams.182 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Yes, very salutary," said Arthur, after Slartibartfast had relatedthe salient points of the story to him, "but I don't understandwhat all this has got to do with the Earth and mice and things.""That is but the first half of the story Earthman," said the oldman. "If you would care to discover what happened seven and ahalf millions later, on the great day of the Answer, allow me toinvite you to my study where you can experience the eventsyourself on our Sens-O-Tape records. That is unless you wouldcare to take a quick stroll on the surface of New Earth. It's onlyhalf completed I'm afraid - we haven't even finished burying theartificial dinosaur skeletons in the crust yet, then we have theTertiary and Quarternary Periods of the Cenozoic Era to laydown, and ...""No thank you," said Arthur, "it wouldn't be quite the same.""No," said Slartibartfast, "it won't be," and he turned the aircarround and headed back towards the mind-numbing wall.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /183Slartibartfast's study was a total mess, like the results of anexplosion in a public library. The old man frowned as theystepped in."Terribly unfortunate," he said, "a diode blew in one of the life-support computers. When we tried to revive our cleaning staffwe discovered they'd been dead for nearly thirty thousand years.Who's going to clear away the bodies, that's what I want to know.Look why don't you sit yourself down over there and let me plugyou in?"He gestured Arthur towards a chair which looked as if it hadbeen made out of the rib cage of a stegosaurus."It was made out of the rib cage of a stegosaurus," explained theold man as he pottered about fishing bits of wire out from undertottering piles of paper and drawing instruments. "Here," hesaid, "hold these," and passed a couple of stripped wire end toArthur.The instant he took hold of them a bird flew straight throughhim.He was suspended in mid-air and totally invisible to himself.Beneath him was a pretty treelined city square, and all around itas far as the eye could see were white concrete buildings of airyspacious design but somewhat the worse for wear - many werecracked and stained with rain. Today however the sun wasshining, a fresh breeze danced lightly through the trees, and theodd sensation that all the buildings were quietly humming wasprobably caused by the fact that the square and all the streetsaround it were thronged with cheerful excited people.Somewhere a band was playing, brightly coloured flags werefluttering in the breeze and the spirit of carnival was in the air.184 / DOUGLAS ADAMSArthur felt extraordinarily lonely stuck up in the air above it allwithout so much as a body to his name, but before he had time toreflect on this a voice rang out across the square and called foreveryone's attention.A man standing on a brightly dressed dais before the buildingwhich clearly dominated the square was addressing the crowdover a Tannoy."O people waiting in the Shadow of Deep Thought!" he cried out."Honoured Descendants of Vroomfondel and Majikthise, theGreatest and Most Truly Interesting Pundits the Universe hasever known ... The Time of Waiting is over!"Wild cheers broke out amongst the crowd. Flags, streamers andwolf whistles sailed through the air. The narrower streets lookedrather like centipedes rolled over on their backs and franticallywaving their legs in the air."Seven and a half million years our race has waited for this Greatand Hopefully Enlightening Day!" cried the cheer leader. "TheDay of the Answer!"Hurrahs burst from the ecstatic crowd."Never again," cried the man, "never again will we wake up in themorning and think Who am I? What is my purpose in life? Doesit really, cosmically speaking, matter if I don't get up and go towork? For today we will finally learn once and for all the plainand simple answer to all these nagging little problems of Life, theUniverse and Everything!"As the crowd erupted once again, Arthur found himself glidingthrough the air and down towards one of the large statelyTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /185windows on the first floor of the building behind the dais fromwhich the speaker was addressing the crowd.He experienced a moment's panic as he sailed straight throughtowards the window, which passed when a second or so later hefound he had gone right through the solid glass withoutapparently touching it.No one in the room remarked on his peculiar arrival, which ishardly surprising as he wasn't there. He began to realize that thewhole experience was merely a recorded projection whichknocked six-track seventy-millimetre into a cocked hat.The room was much as Slartibartfast had described it. In sevenand a half million years it had been well looked after and cleanedregularly every century or so. The ultramahagony desk wasworn at the edges, the carpet a little faded now, but the largecomputer terminal sat in sparkling glory on the desk's leathertop, as bright as if it had been constructed yesterday. Twoseverely dressed men sat respectfully before the terminal andwaited."The time is nearly upon us," said one, and Arthur was surprisedto see a word suddenly materialize in thin air just by the man'sneck. The word was Loonquawl, and it flashed a couple of timesand the disappeared again. Before Arthur was able to assimilatethis the other man spoke and the word Phouchg appeared by hisneck."Seventy-five thousand generations ago, our ancestors set thisprogram in motion," the second man said, "and in all that timewe will be the first to hear the computer speak."186 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"An awesome prospect, Phouchg," agreed the first man, andArthur suddenly realized that he was watching a recording withsubtitles."We are the ones who will hear," said Phouchg, "the answer to thegreat question of Life ...!""The Universe ...!" said Loonquawl."And Everything ...!""Shhh," said Loonquawl with a slight gesture, "I think DeepThought is preparing to speak!"There was a moment's expectant pause whilst panels slowly cameto life on the front of the console. Lights flashed on and offexperimentally and settled down into a businesslike pattern. Asoft low hum came from the communication channel."Good morning," said Deep Thought at last."Er ... Good morning, O Deep Thought," said Loonquawlnervously, "do you have ... er, that is ...""An answer for you?" interrupted Deep Thought majestically."Yes. I have."The two men shivered with expectancy. Their waiting had notbeen in vain."There really is one?" breathed Phouchg."There really is one," confirmed Deep Thought."To Everything? To the great Question of Life, the Universe andEverything?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /187"Yes."Both of the men had been trained for this moment, their liveshad been a preparation for it, they had been selected at birth asthose who would witness the answer, but even so they foundthemselves gasping and squirming like excited children."And you're ready to give it to us?" urged Loonquawl. "I am.""Now?""Now," said Deep Thought.They both licked their dry lips."Though I don't think," added Deep Thought, "that you're goingto like it.""Doesn't matter!" said Phouchg. "We must know it! Now!""Now?" inquired Deep Thought."Yes! Now ...""Alright," said the computer and settled into silence again. Thetwo men fidgeted. The tension was unbearable."You're really not going to like it," observed Deep Thought."Tell us!""Alright," said Deep Thought.Question ...""The Answer to the Great"Yes ...!""Of Life, the Universe and Everything ..." said Deep Thought.188 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Yes ...!" "Is ..." said Deep Thought, and paused."Yes ...!""Is ...""Yes ...!!!...?""Forty-two," said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /189It was a long time before anyone spoke.Out of the corner of his eye Phouchg could see the sea of tenseexpectant faces down in the square outside."We're going to get lynched aren't we?" he whispered."It was a tough assignment," said Deep Thought mildly."Forty-two!" yelled Loonquawl. "Is that all you've got to show forseven and a half million years' work?" "I checked it verythoroughly," said the computer, "and that quite definitely is theanswer. I think the problem, to be quite honest with you, is thatyou've never actually known what the question is.""But it was the Great Question! The Ultimate Question of Life,the Universe and Everything!" howled Loonquawl."Yes," said Deep Thought with the air of one who suffers foolsgladly, "but what actually is it?"A slow stupefied silence crept over the men as they stared at thecomputer and then at each other."Well, you know, it's just Everything ... Everything ..." offeredPhouchg weakly."Exactly!" said Deep Thought. "So once you do know what thequestion actually is, you'll know what the answer means.""Oh terrific," muttered Phouchg flinging aside his notebook andwiping away a tiny tear."Look, alright, alright," said Loonquawl, "can you just please tellus the Question?"190 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"The Ultimate Question?""Yes!""Of Life, the Universe, and Everything?""Yes!"Deep Thought pondered this for a moment."Tricky," he said."But can you do it?" cried Loonquawl.Deep Thought pondered this for another long moment.Finally: "No," he said firmly.Both men collapsed on to their chairs in despair."But I'll tell you who can," said Deep Thought.They both looked up sharply."Who?" "Tell us!"Suddenly Arthur began to feel his apparently non-existent scalpbegin to crawl as he found himself moving slowly but inexorablyforward towards the console, but it was only a dramatic zoom onthe part of whoever had made the recording he assumed."I speak of none other than the computer that is to come afterme," intoned Deep Thought, his voice regaining its accustomeddeclamatory tones. "A computer whose merest operationalparameters I am not worthy to calculate - and yet I will design itfor you. A computer which can calculate the Question to theTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /191Ultimate Answer, a computer of such infinite and subtlecomplexity that organic life itself shall form part of its operationalmatrix. And you yourselves shall take on new forms and godown into the computer to navigate its ten-million-year program!Yes! I shall design this computer for you. And I shall name italso unto you. And it shall be called ... The Earth."Phouchg gaped at Deep Thought."What a dull name," he said and great incisions appeared downthe length of his body. Loonquawl too suddenly sustainedhorrific gashed from nowhere. The Computer console blotchedand cracked, the walls flickered and crumbled and the roomcrashed upwards into its own ceiling ...Slartibartfast was standing in front of Arthur holding the twowires."End of the tape," he explained.192 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Zaphod! Wake up!""Mmmmmwwwwwerrrrr?""Hey come on, wake up.""Just let me stick to what I'm good at, yeah?" muttered Zaphodand rolled away from the voice back to sleep."Do you want me to kick you?" said Ford."Would it give you a lot of pleasure?" said Zaphod, blearily."No.""Nor me. So what's the point? Stop bugging me." Zaphod curledhimself up."He got a double dose of the gas," said Trillian looking down athim, "two windpipes.""And stop talking," said Zaphod, "it's hard enough trying to sleepanyway. What's the matter with the ground? It's all cold andhard.""It's gold," said Ford.With an amazingly balletic movement Zaphod was standing andscanning the horizon, because that was how far the gold groundstretched in every direction, perfectly smooth and solid. Itgleamed like ... it's impossible to say what it gleamed like becausenothing in the Universe gleams in quite the same way that aplanet of solid gold does. "Who put all that there?" yelpedZaphod, goggle-eyed."Don't get excited," said Ford, "it's only a catalogue."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /193"A who?""A catalogue," said Trillian, "an illusion.""How can you say that?" cried Zaphod, falling to his hands andknees and staring at the ground. He poked it and prodded itwith his fingernail. It was very heavy and very slightly soft - hecould mark it with his fingernail. It was very yellow and veryshiny, and when he breathed on it his breath evaporated off it inthat very peculiar and special way that breath evaporates off solidgold."Trillian and I came round a while ago," said Ford. "We shoutedand yelled till somebody came and then carried on shouting andyelling till they got fed up and put us in their planet catalogue tokeep us busy till they were ready to deal with us. This is all Sens-O-Tape."Zaphod stared at him bitterly."Ah, shit," he said, "you wake me up from my own perfectly gooddream to show me somebody else's." He sat down in a huff."What's that series of valleys over there?" he said."Hallmark," said Ford. "We had a look.""We didn't wake you earlier," said Trillian. "The last planet wasknee deep in fish.""Fish?""Some people like the oddest things.""And before that," said Ford, "we had platinum. Bit dull. Wethought you'd like to see this one though."194 / DOUGLAS ADAMSSeas of light glared at them in one solid blaze wherever theylooked."Very pretty," said Zaphod petulantly.In the sky a huge green catalogue number appeared. It flickeredand changed, and when they looked around again so had theland.As with one voice they all went, "Yuch."The sea was purple. The beach they were on was composed oftiny yellow and green pebbles - presumably terribly preciousstones.The mountains in the distance seemed soft andundulating with red peaks. Nearby stood a solid silver beachtable with a frilly mauve parasol and silver tassles.In the sky a huge sign appeared, replacing the cataloguenumber. It said, Whatever your tastes, Magrathea can cater foryou. We are not proud.And five hundred entirely naked women dropped out of the skyon parachutes.In a moment the scene vanished and left them in a springtimemeadow full of cows."Ow!" said Zaphod. "My brains!""You want to talk about it?" said Ford."Yeah, OK," said Zaphod, and all three sat down and ignored thescenes that came and went around them."I figure this," said Zaphod. "Whatever happened to my mind, Idid it. And I did it in such a way that it wouldn't be detected byTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /195the government screening tests. And I wasn't to know anythingabout it myself. Pretty crazy, right?"The other two nodded in agreement."So I reckon, what's so secret that I can't let anybody know Iknow it, not the Galactic Government, not even myself? And theanswer is I don't know. Obviously. But I put a few thingstogether and I can begin to guess. When did I decide to run forPresident? Shortly after the death of President Yooden Vranx.You remember Yooden, Ford?""Yeah," said Ford, "he was that guy we met when we were kids,the Arcturan captain. He was a gas. He gave us conkers whenyou bust your way into his megafreighter. Said you were themost amazing kid he'd ever met.""What's all this?" said Trillian."Ancient history," said Ford, "when we were kids together onBetelgeuse. The Arcturan megafreighters used to carry most ofthe bulky trade between the Galactic Centre and the outlyingregions The Betelgeuse trading scouts used to find the marketsand the Arcturans would supply them. There was a lot of troublewith space pirates before they were wiped out in the Dordelliswars, and the megafreighters had to be equipped with the mostfantastic defence shields known to Galactic science. They werereal brutes of ships, and huge. In orbit round a planet theywould eclipse the sun."One day, young Zaphod here decides to raid one. On a tri-jetscooter designed for stratosphere work, a mere kid. I meanforget it, it was crazier than a mad monkey. I went along for theride because I'd got some very safe money on him not doing it,196 / DOUGLAS ADAMSand didn't want him coming back with fake evidence. So whathappens? We got in his tri-jet which he had souped up intosomething totally other, crossed three parsecs in a matter ofweeks, bust our way into a megafreighter I still don't know how,marched on to the bridge waving toy pistols and demandedconkers. A wilder thing I have not known. Lost me a year'spocket money. For what? Conkers." "The captain was this reallyamazing guy, Yooden Vranx," said Zaphod. "He gave us food,booze - stuff from really weird parts of the Galaxy - lots ofconkers of course, and we had just the most incredible time.Then he teleported us back. Into the maximum security wing ofBetelgeuse state prison. He was a cool guy. Went on to becomePresident of the Galaxy."Zaphod paused.The scene around them was currently plunged into gloom. Darkmists swirled round them and elephantine shapes lurkedindistinctly in the shadows. The air was occasionally rent withthe sounds of illusory beings murdering other illusory beings.Presumably enough people must have liked this sort of thing tomake it a paying proposition."Ford," said Zaphod quietly."Yeah?""Just before Yooden died he came to see me.""What? You never told me.""No.""What did he say? What did he come to see you about?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /197"He told me about the Heart of Gold. It was his idea that Ishould steal it.""His idea?""Yeah," said Zaphod, "and the only possible way of stealing it wasto be at the launching ceremony."Ford gaped at him in astonishment for a moment, and thenroared with laughter."Are you telling me," he said, "that you set yourself up to becomePresident of the Galaxy just to steal that ship?""That's it," said Zaphod with the sort of grin that would get mostpeople locked away in a room with soft walls."But why?" said Ford. "What's so important about having it?""Dunno," said Zaphod, "I think if I'd consciously known what wasso important about it and what I would need it for it would haveshowed up on the brain screening tests and I would never havepassed. I think Yooden told me a lot of things that are stilllocked away.""So you think you went and mucked about inside your own brainas a result of Yooden talking to you?""He was a hell of a talker." "Yeah, but Zaphod old mate, you wantto look after yourself you know."Zaphod shrugged."I mean, don't you have any inkling of the reasons for all this?"asked Ford.198 / DOUGLAS ADAMSZaphod thought hard about this and doubts seemed to cross hisminds."No," he said at last, "I don't seem to be letting myself into any ofmy secrets. Still," he added on further reflection, "I canunderstand that. I wouldn't trust myself further than I could spita rat."A moment later, the last planet in the catalogue vanished frombeneath them and the solid world resolved itself again.They were sitting in a plush waiting room full of glass-top tablesand design awards.A tall Magrathean man was standing in front of them."The mice will see you now," he said.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /199"So there you have it," said Slartibartfast, making a feeble andperfunctory attempt to clear away some of the appalling mess ofhis study. He picked up a paper from the top of a pile, but thencouldn't think of anywhere else to put it, so he but it back on topof the original pile which promptly fell over. "Deep Thoughtdesigned the Earth, we built it and you lived on it.""And the Vogons came and destroyed it five minutes before theprogram was completed," added Arthur, not unbitterly."Yes," said the old man, pausing to gaze hopelessly round theroom. "Ten million years of planning and work gone just likethat. Ten million years, Earthman ... can you conceive of thatkind of time span? A galactic civilization could grow from a singleworm five times over in that time. Gone." He paused."Well that's bureaucracy for you," he added."You know," said Arthur thoughtfully, "all this explains a lot ofthings. All through my life I've had this strange unaccountablefeeling that something was going on in the world, something big,even sinister, and no one would tell me what it was.""No," said the old man, "that's just perfectly normal paranoia.Everyone in the Universe has that.""Everyone?" said Arthur. "Well, if everyone has that perhaps itmeans something! Perhaps somewhere outside the Universe weknow ..." "Maybe. Who cares?" said Slartibartfast before Arthurgot too excited. "Perhaps I'm old and tired," he continued, "but Ialways think that the chances of finding out what really is goingon are so absurdly remote that the only thing to do is to say hangthe sense of it and just keep yourself occupied. Look at me: Idesign coastlines. I got an award for Norway."200 / DOUGLAS ADAMSHe rummaged around in a pile of debris and pulled out a largeperspex block with his name on it and a model of Norwaymoulded into it."Where's the sense in that?" he said. "None that I've been able tomake out. I've been doing fjords in all my life. For a fleetingmoment they become fashionable and I get a major award."He turned it over in his hands with a shrug and tossed it asidecarelessly, but not so carelessly that it didn't land on somethingsoft."In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africato do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because Ihappen to like them, and I'm old fashioned enough to think thatthey give a lovely baroque feel to a continent. And they tell meit's not equatorial enough. Equatorial!" He gave a hollow laugh."What does it matter? Science has achieved some wonderfulthings of course, but I'd far rather be happy than right any day.""And are you?""No. That's where it all falls down of course.""Pity," said Arthur with sympathy. "It sounded like quite a goodlifestyle otherwise."Somewhere on the wall a small white light flashed."Come," said Slartibartfast, "you are to meet the mice. Yourarrival on the planet has caused considerable excitement. It hasalready been hailed, so I gather, as the third most improbableevent in the history of the Universe.""What were the first two?"THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /201"Oh, probably just coincidences," said Slartibartfast carelessly. Heopened the door and stood waiting for Arthur to follow.Arthur glanced around him once more, and then down athimself, at the sweaty dishevelled clothes he had been lying in themud in on Thursday morning."I seem to be having tremendous difficulty with my lifestyle," hemuttered to himself."I beg your pardon?" said the old man mildly."Oh nothing," said Arthur, "only joking."202 / DOUGLAS ADAMSIt is of course well known that careless talk costs lives, but the fullscale of the problem is not always appreciated.For instance, at the very moment that Arthur said "I seem to behaving tremendous difficulty with my lifestyle," a freak wormholeopened up in the fabric of the space-time continuum and carriedhis words far far back in time across almost infinite reaches ofspace to a distant Galaxy where strange and warlike beings werepoised on the brink of frightful interstellar battle.The two opposing leaders were meeting for the last time.A dreadful silence fell across the conference table as thecommander of the Vl'hurgs, resplendent in his black jewelledbattle shorts, gazed levelly at the G'Gugvuntt leader squattingopposite him in a cloud of green sweet-smelling steam, and, witha million sleek and horribly beweaponed star cruisers poised tounleash electric death at his single word of command, challengedthe vile creature to take back what it had said about his mother.The creature stirred in his sickly broiling vapour, and at that verymoment the words I seem to be having tremendous difficultywith my lifestyle drifted across the conference table.Unfortunately, in the Vl'hurg tongue this was the most dreadfulinsult imaginable, and there was nothing for it but to wageterrible war for centuries.Eventually of course, after their Galaxy had been decimated overa few thousand years, it was realized that the whole thing hadbeen a ghastly mistake, and so the two opposing battle fleetssettled their few remaining differences in order to launch a jointattack on our own Galaxy - now positively identified as the sourceof the offending remark.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /203For thousands more years the mighty ships tore across the emptywastes of space and finally dived screaming on to the first planetthey came across - which happened to be the Earth - where dueto a terrible miscalculation of scale the entire battle fleet wasaccidentally swallowed by a small dog.Those who study the complex interplay of cause and effect in thehistory of the Universe say that this sort of thing is going on allthe time, but that we are powerless to prevent it."It's just life," they say.A short aircar trip brought Arthur and the old Magrathean to adoorway. They left the car and went through the door into awaiting room full of glass-topped tables and perspex awards.Almost immediately, a light flashed above the door at the otherside of the room and they entered."Arthur! You're safe!" a voice cried."Am I?" said Arthur, rather startled. "Oh good."The lighting was rather subdued and it took him a moment or soto see Ford, Trillian and Zaphod sitting round a large tablebeautifully decked out with exotic dishes, strange sweetmeats andbizarre fruits. They were stuffing their faces."What happened to you?" demanded Arthur."Well," said Zaphod, attacking a boneful of grilled muscle, "ourguests here have been gassing us and zapping our minds andbeing generally weird and have now given us a rather nice mealto make it up to us. Here," he said hoiking out a lump of evilsmelling meat from a bowl, "have some Vegan Rhino's cutlet. It'sdelicious if you happen to like that sort of thing."204 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Hosts?" said Arthur. "What hosts? I don't see any ..."A small voice said, "Welcome to lunch, Earth creature."Arthur glanced around and suddenly yelped."Ugh!" he said. "There are mice on the table!"There was an awkward silence as everyone looked pointedly atArthur.He was busy staring at two white mice sitting in what looked likewhisky glasses on the table. He heard the silence and glancedaround at everyone."Oh!" he said, with sudden realization. "Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn'tquite prepared for ...""Let me introduce you," said Trillian.mouse.""Arthur this is Benji"Hi," said one of the mice. His whiskers stroked what must havebeen a touch sensitive panel on the inside of the whisky-glass likeaffair, and it moved forward slightly."And this is Frankie mouse."The other mouse said, "Pleased to meet you," and did likewise.Arthur gaped."But aren't they ...""Yes," said Trillian, "they are the mice I brought with me fromthe Earth."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /205She looked him in the eye and Arthur thought he detected thetiniest resigned shrug."Could you pass me that bowl of grated Arcturan Megadonkey?"she said.Slartibartfast coughed politely. "Er, excuse me," he said. "Yes,thank you Slartibartfast," said Benji mouse sharply, "you may go.""What? Oh ... er, very well," said the old man, slightly takenaback, "I'll just go and get on with some of my fjords then.""Ah, well in fact that won't be necessary," said Frankie mouse. "Itlooks very much as if we won't be needing the new Earth anylonger." He swivelled his pink little eyes. "Not now that we havefound a native of the planet who was there seconds before it wasdestroyed.""What?" cried Slartibartfast, aghast. "You can't mean that! I'vegot a thousand glaciers poised and ready to roll over Africa!""Well perhaps you can take a quick skiing holiday before youdismantle them," said Frankie, acidly."Skiing holiday!" cried the old man. "Those glaciers are works ofart! Elegantly sculptured contours, soaring pinnacles of ice, deepmajestic ravines! It would be sacrilege to go skiing on high art!""Thank you Slartibartfast," said Benji firmly. "That will be all.""Yes sir," said the old man coldly, "thank you very much. Well,goodbye Earthman," he said to Arthur, "hope the lifestyle comestogether."206 / DOUGLAS ADAMSWith a brief nod to the rest of the company he turned andwalked sadly out of the room.Arthur stared after him not knowing what to say."Now," said Benji mouse, "to business."Ford and Zaphod clinked their glasses together."To business!" they said."I beg your pardon?" said Benji.Ford looked round."Sorry, I thought you were proposing a toast," he said.The two mice scuttled impatiently around in their glasstransports. Finally they composed themselves, and Benji movedforward to address Arthur."Now, Earth creature," he said, "the situation we have in effect isthis. We have, as you know, been more or less running yourplanet for the last ten million years in order to find this wretchedthing called the Ultimate Question.""Why?" said Arthur, sharply."No - we already thought of that one," said Frankie interrupting,"but it doesn't fit the answer. Why? - Forty-Two ... you see, itdoesn't work.""No," said Arthur, "I mean why have you been doing it?""Oh, I see," said Frankie. "Well, eventually just habit I think, tobe brutally honest. And this is more or less the point - we're sickTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /207to the teeth with the whole thing, and the prospect of doing it allover again on account of those whinnet-ridden Vogons quitefrankly gives me the screaming heeby jeebies, you know what Imean? It was by the merest lucky chance that Benji and Ifinished our particular job and left the planet early for a quickholiday, and have since manipulated our way back to Magratheaby the good offices of your friends.""Magrathea is a gateway back to our own dimension," put inBenji."Since when," continued his murine colleague, "we have had anoffer of a quite enormously fat contract to do the 5D chat showand lecture circuit back in our own dimensional neck of thewoods, and we're very much inclined to take it.""I would, wouldn't you Ford?" said Zaphod promptingly."Oh yes," said Ford, "jump at it, like a shot."Arthur glanced at them, wondering what all this was leading upto."But we've got to have a product you see," said Frankie, "I meanideally we still need the Ultimate Question in some form orother."Zaphod leaned forward to Arthur."You see," he said, "if they're just sitting there in the studiolooking very relaxed and, you know, just mentioning that theyhappen to know the Answer to Life, the Universe andEverything, and then eventually have to admit that in fact it'sForty-two, then the show's probably quite short. No follow-up,you see."208 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"We have to have something that sounds good," said Benji."Something that sounds good?" exclaimed Arthur. "An UltimateQuestion that sounds good? From a couple of mice?"The mice bristled."Well, I mean, yes idealism, yes the dignity of pure research, yesthe pursuit of truth in all its forms, but there comes a point I'mafraid where you begin to suspect that if there's any real truth, it'sthat the entire multi-dimensional infinity of the Universe isalmost certainly being run by a bunch of maniacs. And if itcomes to a choice between spending yet another ten million yearsfinding that out, and on the other hand just taking the moneyand running, then I for one could do with the exercise," saidFrankie."But ..." started Arthur, hopelessly. "Hey, will you get this,Earthman," interrupted Zaphod. "You are a last generationproduct of that computer matrix, right, and you were there rightup to the moment your planet got the finger, yeah?""Er ...""So your brain was an organic part of the penultimateconfiguration of the computer programme," said Ford, ratherlucidly he thought."Right?" said Zaphod."Well," said Arthur doubtfully. He wasn't aware of ever havingfelt an organic part of anything. He had always seen this as oneof his problems.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /209"In other words," said Benji, steering his curious little vehicleright over to Arthur, "there's a good chance that the structure ofthe question is encoded in the structure of your brain - so wewant to buy it off you.""What, the question?" said Arthur."Yes," said Ford and Trillian."For lots of money," said Zaphod."No, no," said Frankie, "it's the brain we want to buy.""What!""I thought you said you could just read his brain electronical\-ly,"pro\-tes\-ted Ford."Oh yes," said Frankie, "but we'd have to get it out first. It's got tobe prepared.""Treated," said Benji."Diced.""Thank you," shouted Arthur, tipping up his chair and backingaway from the table in horror."It could always be replaced," said Benji reasonably, "if you thinkit's important.""Yes, an electronic brain," said Frankie, "a simple one wouldsuffice.""A simple one!" wailed Arthur. "Yeah," said Zaphod with asudden evil grin, "you'd just have to program it to say What? and210 / DOUGLAS ADAMSI don't understand and Where's the tea? - who'd know thedifference?""What?" cried Arthur, backing away still further. "See what Imean?" said Zaphod and howled with pain because of somethingthat Trillian did at that moment."I'd notice the difference," said Arthur."No you wouldn't," said Frankie mouse, "you'd be programmednot to."Ford made for the door."Look, I'm sorry, mice old lads," he said. "I don't think we've gota deal.""I rather think we have to have a deal," said the mice in chorus,all the charm vanishing fro their piping little voices in an instant.With a tiny whining shriek their two glass transports liftedthemselves off the table, and swung through the air towardsArthur, who stumbled further backwards into a blind corner,utterly unable to cope or think of anything.Trillian grabbed him desperately by the arm and tried to draghim towards the door, which Ford and Zaphod were strugglingto open, but Arthur was dead weight - he seemed hypnotized bythe airborne rodents swooping towards him.She screamed at him, but he just gaped.With one more yank, Ford and Zaphod got the door open. Onthe other side of it was a small pack of rather ugly men who theycould only assume were the heavy mob of Magrathea. Not onlyTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /211were they ugly themselves, but the medical equipment theycarried with them was also far from pretty. They charged.So - Arthur was about to have his head cut open, Trillian wasunable to help him, and Ford and Zaphod were about to be setupon by several thugs a great deal heavier and more sharplyarmed than they were.All in all it was extremely fortunate that at that moment everyalarm on the planet burst into an earsplitting din.212 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Emergency! Emergency!" blared the klaxons throughout Ma\-gra\-thea. "Hos\-tile ship has landed on planet. Armed intrudersin section 8A. Defence stations, defence stations!"The two mice sniffed irritably round the fragments of their glasstransports where they lay shattered on the floor."Damnation," muttered Frankie mouse, "all that fuss over twopounds of Earthling brain." He scuttled round and about, hispink eyes flashing, his fine white coat bristling with static."The only thing we can do now," said Benji, crouching andstroking his whiskers in thought, "is to try and fake a question,invent one that will sound plausible." "Difficult," said Frankie. Hethought. "How about What's yellow and dangerous?"Benji considered this for a moment."No, no good," he said. "Doesn't fit the answer."They sank into silence for a few seconds."Alright," said Benji. "What do you get if you multiply six byseven?""No, no, too literal, too factual," said Frankie, "wouldn't sustainthe punters' interest."Again they thought.Then Frankie said: "Here's a thought. How many roads must aman walk down?""Ah," said Benji. "Aha, now that does sound promising!" Herolled the phrase around a little. "Yes," he said, "that's excellent!Sounds very significant without actually tying you down toTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /213meaning anything at all. How many roads must a man walkdown? Forty-two. Excellent, excellent, that'll fox 'em. Frankiebaby, we are made!"They performed a scampering dance in their excitement.Near them on the floor lay several rather ugly men who hadbeen hit about the head with some heavy design awards.Half a mile away, four figures pounded up a corridor looking fora way out. They emerged into a wide open-plan computer bay.They glanced about wildly."Which way do you reckon Zaphod?" said Ford."At a wild guess, I'd say down here," said Zaphod, running offdown to the right between a computer bank and the wall. As theothers started after him he was brought up short by a Kill-O-Zapenergy bolt that cracked through the air inches in front of himand fried a small section of adjacent wall.A voice on a loud hailer said, "OK Beeblebrox, hold it right there.We've got you covered.""Cops!" hissed Zaphod, and span around in a crouch. "You wantto try a guess at all, Ford?""OK, this way," said Ford, and the four of them ran down agangway between two computer banks.At the end of the gangway appeared a heavily armoured andspace- suited figure waving a vicious Kill-O-Zap gun.214 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"We don't want to shoot you, Beeblebrox!" shouted the figure."Suits me fine!" shouted Zaphod back and dived down a wide gapbetween two data process units.The others swerved in behind him."There are two of them," said Trillian. "We're cornered."They squeezed themselves down in an angle between a largecomputer data bank and the wall.They held their breath and waited.Suddenly the air exploded with energy bolts as both the copsopened fire on them simultaneously."Hey, they're shooting at us," said Arthur, crouching in a tightball, "I thought they said they didn't want to do that.""Yeah, I thought they said that," agreed Ford.Zaphod stuck a head up for a dangerous moment."Hey," he said, "I thought you said you didn't want to shoot us!"and ducked again.They waited.After a moment a voice replied, "It isn't easy being a cop!""What did he say?" whispered Ford in astonishment."He said it isn't easy being a cop.""Well surely that's his problem isn't it?""I'd have thought so."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /215Ford shouted out, "Hey listen! I think we've got enoughproblems on our own having you shooting at us, so if you couldavoid laying your problems on us as well, I think we'd all find iteasier to cope!"Another pause, and then the loud hailer again."Now see here, guy," said the voice on the loud hailer, "you're notdealing with any dumb two-bit trigger-pumping morons with lowhairlines, little piggy eyes and no conversation, we're a couple ofintelligent caring guys that you'd probably quite like if you metus socially! I don't go around gratuitously shooting people andthen bragging about it afterwards in seedy space-rangers bars,like some cops I could mention! I go around shooting peoplegratuitously and then I agonize about it afterwards for hours tomy girlfriend!""And I write novels!" chimed in the other cop. "Though I haven'thad any of them published yet, so I better warn you, I'm in ameeeean mood!"Ford's eyes popped halfway out of their sockets. "Who are theseguys?" he said."Dunno," said Zaphod, "I think I preferred it when they wereshooting.""So are you going to come quietly," shouted one of the copsagain, "or are you going to let us blast you out?""Which would you prefer?" shouted Ford.A millisecond later the air about them started to fry again, as boltafter bolt of Kill-O-Zap hurled itself into the computer bank infront of them.216 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe fusillade continued for several seconds at unbearableintensity.When it stopped, there were a few seconds of near quietness adthe echoes died away."You still there?" called one of the cops."Yes," they called back."We didn't enjoy doing that at all," shouted the other cop."We could tell," shouted Ford."Now, listen to this, Beeblebrox, and you better listen good!""Why?" shouted Back Zaphod."Because," shouted the cop, "it's going to be very intelligent, andquite interesting and humane! Now either you all give yourselvesup now and let us beat you up a bit, though not very much ofcourse because we are firmly opposed to needless violence, or weblow up this entire planet and possibly one or two others wenoticed on our way out here!""But that's crazy!" cried Trillian. "You wouldn't do that!""Oh yes we would," shouted the cop, "wouldn't we?" he asked theother one."Oh yes, we'd have to, no question," the other one called back."But why?" demanded Trillian.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /217"Because there are some things you have to do even if you are anenlightened liberal cop who knows all about sensitivity andeverything!""I just don't believe these guys," muttered Ford, shaking his head.One cop shouted to the other, "Shall we shoot them again for abit?""Yeah, why not?" They let fly another electric barrage.The heat and noise was quite fantastic. Slowly, the computerbank was beginning to disintegrate. The front had almost allmelted away, and thick rivulets of molten metal were windingtheir way back towards where they were squatting. Theyhuddled further back and waited for the end.218 / DOUGLAS ADAMSBut the end never came, at least not then.Quite suddenly the barrage stopped, and the sudden silenceafterwards was punctuated by a couple of strangled gurgles andthuds.The four stared at each other."What happened?" said Arthur."They stopped," said Zaphod with a shrug."Why?""Dunno, do you want to go and ask them?""No."They waited."Hello?" called out Ford.No answer."That's odd.""Perhaps it's a trap.""They haven't the wit.""What were those thuds?""Dunno."They waited for a few more seconds."Right," said Ford, "I'm going to have a look."THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /219He glanced round at the others."Is no one going to say, No you can't possibly, let me go instead?"They all shook their heads."Oh well," he said, and stood up.happened.For a moment, nothingThen, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen. Fordpeered through the thick smoke that was billowing out of theburning computer.Cautiously he stepped out into the open.Still nothing happened.Twenty yards away he could dimly see through the smoke thespace-suited figure of one of the cops. He was lying in acrumpled heap on the ground. Twenty yards in the otherdirection lay the second man. No one else was anywhere to beseen.This struck Ford as being extremely odd.Slowly, nervously, he walked towards the first one. The body layreassuringly still as he approached it, and continued to liereassuringly still as he reached it and put his foot down on theKill-O-Zap gun that still dangled from its limp fingers.He reached down and picked it up, meeting no resistance.The cop was quite clearly dead.220 / DOUGLAS ADAMSA quick examination revealed him to be from Blagulon Kappa -he was a methane-breathing life form, dependent on his spacesuit for survival in the thin oxygen atmosphere of Magrathea.The tiny life-support system computer on his backpack appearedunexpectedly to have blown up.Ford poked around in it in considerable astonishment. Theseminiature suit computers usually had the full back-up of themain computer back on the ship, with which they were directlylinked through the sub-etha. Such a system was fail-safe in allcircumstances other than total feedback malfunction, which wasunheard of.He hurried over to the other prone figure, and discovered thatexactly the same impossible thing had happened to him,presumably simultaneously.He called the others over to look.astonishment, but not his curiosity.They came, shared his"Let's get shot out of this hole," said Zaphod. "If whatever I'msupposed to be looking for is here, I don't want it." He grabbedthe second Kill-O-Zap gun, blasted a perfectly harmlessaccounting computer and rushed out into the corridor, followedby the others. He very nearly blasted hell out of an aircar thatstood waiting for them a few yards away.The aircar was empty, but Arthur recognized it as belonging toSlartibartfast.It had a note from him pinned to part of its sparse instrumentpanel. The note had an arrow drawn on it, pointing at one ofthe controls.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /It said, This is probably the best button to press.221222 / DOUGLAS ADAMSThe aircar rocketed them at speeds in excess of R17 through thesteel tunnels that lead out onto the appalling surface of theplanet which was now in the grip of yet another drear morningtwilight. Ghastly grey lights congealed on the land.R is a velocity measure, defined as a reasonable speed of travelthat is consistent with health, mental wellbeing and not beingmore than say five minutes late. It is therefore clearly an almostinfinitely variable figure according to circumstances, since thefirst two factors vary not only with speed taken as an absolute,but also with awareness of the third factor. Unless handled withtranquility this equation can result in considerable stress, ulcersand even death.R17 is not a fixed velocity, but it is clearly far too fast.The aircar flung itself through the air at R17 and above,deposited them next to the Heart of Gold which stood starkly onthe frozen ground like a bleached bone, and then precipitatelyhurled itself back in the direction whence they had come,presumably on important business of its own.Shivering, the four of them stood and looked at the ship.Beside it stood another one.It was the Blagulon Kappa policecraft, a bulbous sharklike affair,slate green in colour and smothered with black stencilled lettersof varying degrees of size and unfriendliness. The lettersinformed anyone who cared to read them as to where the shipwas from, what section of the police it was assigned to, and wherethe power feeds should be connected.It seemed somehow unnaturally dark and silent, even for a shipwhose two-man crew was at that moment lying asphyxicated in aTHE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /223smoke-filled chamber several miles beneath the ground. It is oneof those curious things that is impossible to explain or define, butone can sense when a ship is completely dead.Ford could sense it and found it most mysterious - a ship and twopolicemen seemed to have gone spontaneously dead. In hisexperience the Universe simply didn't work like that.The other three could sense it too, but they could sense the bittercold even more and hurried back into the Heart of Goldsuffering from an acute attack of no curiosity.Ford stayed, and went to examine the Blagulon ship. As hewalked, he nearly tripped over an inert steel figure lying facedown in the cold dust."Marvin!" he exclaimed. "What are you doing?" "Don't feel youhave to take any notice of me, please," came a muffled drone."But how are you, metalman?" said Ford."Very depressed.""What's up?""I don't know," said Marvin, "I've never been there.""Why," said Ford squatting down beside him and shivering, "areyou lying face down in the dust?""It's a very effective way of being wretched," said Marvin. "Don'tpretend you want to talk to me, I know you hate me.""No I don't."224 / DOUGLAS ADAMS"Yes you do, everybody does. It's part of the shape of theUniverse. I only have to talk to somebody and they begin to hateme. Even robots hate me. If you just ignore me I expect I shallprobably go away."He jacked himself up to his feet and stood resolutely facing theopposite direction."That ship hated me," he said dejectedly, indicating thepolicecraft."That ship?" said Ford in sudden excitement. "What happenedto it? Do you know?""It hated me because I talked to it.""You talked to it?" exclaimed Ford. "What do you mean youtalked to it?""Simple. I got very bored and depressed, so I went and pluggedmyself in to its external computer feed. I talked to the computerat great length and explained my view of the Universe to it," saidMarvin."And what happened?" pressed Ford."It committed suicide," said Marvin and stalked off back to theHeart of Gold.THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /225That night, as the Heart of Gold was busy putting a few lightyears between itself and the Horsehead Nebula, Zaphod loungedunder the small palm tree on the bridge trying to bang his braininto shape with massive Pan Galactic Gargle Blasters; Ford andTrillian sat in a corner discussing life and matters arising from it;and Arthur took to his bed to flip through Ford's copy of TheHitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Since he was going to live inthe place, he reasoned, he'd better start finding out somethingabout it.He came across this entry.It said: 'The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends topass through three distinct and recognizable phases, those ofSurvival, Inquiry and Sophistication, otherwise known as theHow, Why and Where phases."For instance, the first phase is characterized by the questionHow can we eat? the second by the question Why do we eat? andthe third by the question Where shall we have lunch?"He got no further before the ship's intercom buzzed into life."Hey Earthman? You hungry kid?" said Zaphod's voice."Er, well yes, a little peckish I suppose," said Arthur."OK baby, hold tight," said Zaphod. "We'll take in a quick bite atthe Restaurant at the End of the Universe."226 / DOUGLAS ADAMS{What's President?}President: fullGovernment.titlePresidentoftheImperialGalacticThe term Imperial is kept though it is now an anachronism. Thehereditary Emperor is nearly dead and has been so for manycenturies. In the last moments of his dying coma he was lockedin a statis field which keeps him in a state of perpetualunchangingness. All his heirs are now long dead, and this meansthat without any drastic political upheaval, power has simply andeffectively moved a rung or two down the ladder, and is nowseen to be vested in a body which used to act simply as advisers tothe Emperor - an elected Governmental assembly headed by aPresident elected by that assembly. In fact it vests in no suchplace.The President in particular is very much a figurehead - he wieldsno real power whatsoever. He is apparently chosen by thegovernment, but the qualities he is required to display are notthose of leadership but those of finely judged outrage. For thisreason the President is always a controversial choice, always aninfuriating but fascinating character. His job is not to wieldpower but to draw attention away from it. On those criteriaZaphod Beeblebrox is one of the most successful Presidents theGalaxy has ever had - he has already spent two of his tenPresidential years in prison for fraud. Very very few peoplerealize that the President and the Government have virtually nopower at all, and of these very few people only six know whenceultimate political power is wielded. Most of the others secretlybelieve that the ultimate decision-making process is handled by acomputer. They couldn't be more wrong.{About Ford Perfect}THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY /227Ford Prefect's original name is only pronuncible in an obscureBetelgeusian dialect, now virtually extinct since the GreatCollapsing Hrung Disaster of Gal./Sid./Year 03758 which wipedout all the old Praxibetel communities on Betelgeuse Seven.Ford's father was the only man on the entire planet to survive theGreat Collapsing Hrung disaster, by an extraordinarycoincidence that he was never able satisfactorily to explain. Thewhole episode is shrouded in deep mystery: in fact no one everknew what a Hrung was nor why it had chosen to collapse onBetelgeuse Seven particularly. Ford's father, magnanimouslywaving aside the clouds of suspicion that had inevitably settledaround him, came to live on Betelgeuse Five where he bothfathered and uncled Ford; in memory of his now dead race hechristened him in the ancient Praxibetel tongue.Because Ford never learned to say his original name, his fathereventually died of shame, which is still a terminal disease in someparts of the Galaxy. The other kids at school nicknamed him Ix,which in the language of Betelgeuse Five translates as "boy who isnot able satisfactorily to explain what a Hrung is, nor why itshould choose to collapse on Betelgeuse Seven".
