corpus length:274488
total chars:60 nb sequences:91483-----------------------------------Iteration 1
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was a strange and the screaning to the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the corner of the corne they didn't a second be betelgeuse to talk and stared at a start of the corner of
the corner of the corne they didn't any more that it was and the short of the corner of the corne they doing and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a bridge the ship his seconds the ship his through the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then been tele and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't any man satingle to see men and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then propussip that it was and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then was a strange and the short of the corner of the corne they doing and the short of the corner of the corne the short of the corne they didn't any man satingle to see men and the short of the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't standing to the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't a small start of the corner of the corne they doing and the screan he was a started at the ship his through the corner of the corner of
the corner of the corne they didn't any way in the corner of the corne they didn't a bridge the ship his through the hitch hiker's guide to the guard of the corner of the corne they doing and the screan he was a started the short of the corner of the corne they doing and the short of the corner of the corne they destroy shook the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then propussip that it was an a started the short of the corner of
the corner of the corne they didn't any more thing he was a started the short of the corne they didn't a second be prefect that he was a started at the corne they didn't standing to the corner of the corner of the corne the short of the corner of the corne they doing and the short of the corne they didn't any more that he passed the ship his through the corner of the corner of
the corner of the corne they didn't standing to the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then proplature that he was a started the ship his head of the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't any man satingle black started and the screan he was some sudden
of the corner of the corne they don't and stared at him to the planet the ship his head of the corner of the corne they didn't a small distance him to see the short of the corner of the corne they didn't any way in the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't any man satingle black started and the short of the corner of the corne the short of the corne they didn't any way in the corner of the corne they didn't a small start of the corner of the corne they didn't any more that he was a started the ship his head of the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't a bridge the short of the corner of the corne they didn't any way in the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then was a strange and then beteltined to the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then propussip that it was an earth, but it's sign in the galaxy interether that he was a started the ship his head of the corner of the corne they didn't a second be and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a bridge the short of the corner of the corne they didn't any more the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and the short of the corner of the corne they destroy shook the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't a small start of the man leter.
the corne the short of the corner of
the corner of the corne the short of the corne they didn't any man satingle to see the concentrice wardled into the corne the short of the corne they doing and the short of the corne they didn't any more things the ship his head of the consoulncers of the corner of the corne they didn't all the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a small distance he was any way so the console and then shore of the corner of the corne they didn't a second be prositay and the short of the cor

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was a bit speak and stared at the planet the door of the corner of
the corne the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then probactes of the corner of
the corner of the corne the short of the corner of the corne the who and the screan parabors and the short of the corner of the corne the short of the corne they doing and then had an a still and the screan paran that he was any way to see who had been lenge was a started the consoulnned through the corner of
the corne they shall finating and the screan of the corner of the corne they didn't any way him that it was and the screaning and stared at him to the planet that he was any way so the ship his seconds the ship his table things that it was and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't an a story of the corner of the cornely be betelgeuse to tell without the corner of the book.
the short of the corner of
the corne they discovered that was some shork of the ship his problem of the cornely sweady the ship his shappering betelgeuse to see what they'd think out a bit which was a strange and then had the short of the corner of the corne the planet and then betelgeuse to take and stared at a strange and then looked at the other and the short of the corner of
the corner of the corne they didn't standing to the computer that he was seeing and the short of the corner of the corner of
the universe. it was a strange and the short of the corner of the corne the short of the corner of the corne they didn't any down to the corne that he was a some he was a started the ship his through
a small start of the corner of the corne the short
of the corner of
the corner of the corne the short of the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't standing to the constructors of the corner of the corne they doing and the short of the corne that he was a small start of the corner of the corne they didn't standing to the corner of the corner of the consoul and the screaning and then land the corner of the corne they didn't all the who to see what they were mind of the corner of the corne they shall belted at the galaxy beawhat one of the corner of him were younger of the corner of the corne they destroy shook the corner of the cornely started the short of the corner of the corner of the corne they didn't any more that it was and the short of the corner of the corne they didn't a strange and then was a strange and the short of the man leter.
the book.
the proplathed the starter the short of the corner of the corne the short of the corne to the corne they didn't standing to the constructors of the corne the short of the corner of the corne they didn't any more the ship his second which was a strange and then was a strange and then propussess of the door and the short of the corner of
the corne they doing the door and the short of the corne they didn't a some see things that he was a stood betelgeuse to talk and the screan into the cornely sweep the short of the corner of his head.
"thank you want to the mis than i don't know it the world the short of the corner of
the corne the most confine
man litter of the corner of the corner of the corne the short of the corner of the universe to see what they want to the planet that he was a started the short of the corner of the corner of the corne the man satingle stared at the other and the short of the corne the moment and then had an a stood stared to the corner of the corne they destroy space his secong to the corne that he was any way to see which was surponical what the computer of the corner of the corne the short of the corner of the corne that he was see said that it was and the short of the corner of the corne they destroy the sky into the corner of the book.
"and the prepardent that he was any making to see the ship his problem of the corner of the corne they didn't as it with a small start of the corner of the corne the worry of the corne the book.
the moment and the screan continuus of the matter that he was any way to see what it was a strange and then propusse was some sudden seemed to the corner of the cornely ship he was a second through the short of the corner of the daman was a started the short of the corne that he 

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was the planet of the consoul to the corner of him was some see which was a start be something and the short of the corces of the corner of
the other and the short of the galaxy beneath the console he said, "but the wall the ship his problem as the corne they destroy to the corne to the corner of the corner of his head.
"no, i think i'll so that i was a simpic, but it was and the ship his head of pown the hitch hiker me finely the most polite shorse and arthur great spears thought which it said, "trillian destrackin of the corner of the corne they destroy shook the moment to coupy through the short of the planet and then betelgeuse to take and round the corner of the corne they destroy the hitch hiker that the moment and then prepardent and then had been voice depart completur and stared at the cornely swead of power to the problem and the short of the corner of the corner of the corne they destroy the confectiriac sound shook the matter that he stared at the other and the hitch him.
"are you?"
"are you?"
"what are you doing it a house any if it which was the consoulncers. and then the hitch him.
"no like that i would you's do it?"
"what the ship something," said ford. "well, i says thought the ship. they were shooting and stared at him through the corner of him were younger of the corner that the restly he was seeing something the ship his seconds and the screan be betelgeuse to talk and stared at a bridiag the but will be completer and then been tele and the continued the short of the restled with a strange of the door.
"the wall that i was the preparabogume that the concerles of any wanting and the hitch the corner of him were him to be and the short of the corner of the corne they doing and the screan up in the cornet the screaning and could standing on the president the
door which the corner of the corne they drink.
"now what the planet," said arthur, "the prepardent and then the sea, but well, and was some suddenly shork because it was and the her a moment and the short of the corne the microphers spears of the door of the matting the started and the hitch him.
"yeah, well, i don't know it me any in things that he was any be about the whole of the galaxy and the screan to be confinn what the computer some of the man letser!
"you have to be anything that it was and then passed about the galaxy in the corner of the galaxy and the short of the corne that he was seeing of the sky into the corne the concentrice torring and store and round the galaxy and stared at him which and the started and stared at him to the power of the new it was and the short of the corner of the corne they destroy search other the sirius that it was meant to tell and the short of the but into the corne they'd ask the corne the short of the corne the screaning to be from the concentrice of the book.
the continuus of the corne the long somethin want to the matic searth of the corner of
the corne they doing of the corycogouss.
"you have you?"
"ah, i want to think," said zaphod, "book, it's simphing and then sat dere to be and the short of the corne that he was any in the other and to the cling that and the short of the corne they didn't speat of the galaxy interether of the corner of
the corner of
the corne the problem the door and the life the hitch him.
"are you?"
"yeah," said ford. "well, i say no one of the hitch hiker's building the door.
"well, i which was it himself on the sky into the corner of the corner of
the other and threal was some see what a ship point through the matter that he was some said that he was an
talking of any mind of do was the pressident and the screan being on the room of the concentrice and stared at the matter and then betelteped and the screan to be course said and the screaning and warned to the corner of a respery of the corces of the galaxy because then the buices of
the door of the corner of the cornely sweady the sort of the man satin confence
but the short of the corner of
the corneting he stared at him continuor of the corner of the corne the new about the corner of the corner of the corne the short of the corner of the galaxy, and the hitch him.
"what the people planet that it saying the ship without and the shor

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was a bit and then looked at the corne theycl
musing to see what they'd think out and the short of the corne that it sudden
some superiment and wonds of the most of the corce, and then
had the short of the galaxy beawhat and the problem and then had been name-san preparded thing. that he passans and the hitch him, shouted at it oper and to his secon and store you have any took and stared at a still
the president with the corner of him with the entry obforrance with a soft of whisper of the galaxy and stared at him of the dentrasside in his sense and then passed away the galaxy edgest of the corner of the
door oppes.
"that is that i
well," he said, "too," said ford, "i have to himself and got to not a long sudden
that he had thought the short of the corycogo was started as beeblebrox's sorint than it had and he was see said that it was like the book.
tell some some and we're to be cound should speak up. the matter that was some see what they'd think out a bit and the short of the cornely pland the short of the corner of
the earth of good continued the short of the galaxy and the screan being
the working in the corner of the clit confect of the top of the galaxy and with the brain
and the hours he was an every pland the ship spanting and stared at him through the earth of the consoulnd the short of the cory
obvoud.
"you want i one settling to so the same to shore of the galaxy into the coopurried that he had and the shood's shork
down to find the
space his guide the sea some people thing. they're the guide and started and shouted silent says thought the short for the cornet of the corner of his problem of and computer the short of the news.
shouted at him to see things that it took the dentrassing on the lent of the planet and then had the cabin of the
cornet to the chany of the corne that he passed which were younger. he was feeling to the planet for and could see things it as a realine and the short of the prople on the room and the screen he had and where it was and a strange and then had an earth.
the hitch him, shouted and stared at the planet the consoulnned to think out of the cory
obvooms, "we are you be cound that we mean that he was set of the door of a beab the corne they didn't any more through the think with the galaxy and the screan to the short of a small dimpression at him in the door of the cornely sweady as and recked this start of polite destrance it was standing to the new over a moment and the screan para.
"what the planet thought is sounds it said, "but it was all the ten a really earsh of the detasple had been lend in the entry
into the cornely swit entry and worried of the universe and stared at him in the short of a who and the entry and would be brunk though the but and the screan continuus of the corner of the prattor of the corner of his proplansed and would some start of polite that it was and the short of the corne they destroy for a let to fallion of the corner of the corne the sun.
dare to stand in the concentrice particular search other treasured the screan guidhed to the shalf an
entirely with the ship entry into the galaxy and would get into the didor of the planet to
seep thought the wall of the cornely ship.
"no, i think i'll get the impaon," said zaphod, "what a lar start stared to find to the galaxy and the attention. the but into the corce design three he was a started away the galaxy and spent continuus and plansed the galaxy interether thing of a being of the whole of the hitch him.
"so that it was and the short of the millioe of the corneed the restroonly farder. he stared at the other and which arthur longuer, and the screan up to speady and then probability gards on the unide of the galaxy because the prepushed through the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy interthoushg, and then had gone to be desperation and was standing to the matic earth other and then the skioned the started and the hitch the hitch hiker's horse of the planet to be come of the charts of the president and then beteltinuts. and the hitch him.
"you want to shout in the sound is that it was wind what the charry of his new some suddenly and the started into the corne they didn't any may so the new live."
"a ship."
"wel

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was the interence and obvoughthere but was and arthur thought.
"at him to fell improbably it some seven
to the ship his gards that it was
spent of the bottos of the man sating and flung and started the hitch him.
"no, not aglack start me seconds a but into a who bits of the earth bellood of polishmness of forms in the dentrassing into the universe, and a bridge in the hours no through the door. "you have any mork our gargs the ship spantions of the corner of the corne to see he was there fingered and want to see five hundred and warned sat of the hitch hiker's prepause to be any
was have the fact that he had been voiles of the ceesting the
destroy the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy interthmus the but he was most of the worlds stand in the galaxy beawhere streath.
"what did he shoued me than if you you can a some ship with a sic sit our caring the sub-atafust of the lift streng of beeblebrox.
flashed uncomplets for a senside it was so the skisvagnnates of the ship. the other airlards power to him his propusior up at the door of the cornely sweep it between the surface
and stared at the cory
space had they found the thought the hitchhip it seen dang through the speat of betelgeuse to be come of which it would have been a small started him for the long speak on outhing of politer because it was most of the
ceashons of his eyes on the earth of which the marthing the skid they'd through the coupy of spoved that it was spartic
and the lifecticable the control distances of anying to be cound should thought its him into a guid, steel look it to smillian could
got and store he was any way as some supplaxybers found the book. he was some sudden
smosts
and was wind the moment to be because the confinuarint and then
land the computer. he stared at the paped door, his chance one want to be and the hitch the new over a bit store in a
small stare started at the galaxy on ull destroy power galactic desparint that the cornely space and a strang thing of the book.
it was any way sleapter and stared ford was an
and man what a guidven
onch his brain of the man lot some shall silence and planse of his arthur and the shore of the cory
obvooms, "we wind he want to himself into the coopurries of the man leter.
the planet thought was something pleasem to the closed to see ford plans planbers that he betelskhong of the corne than it was and threating the hitch him. shouting on the control stared at the furriable to the cubyt at thin its corplet of the cornet of him his minds of the sky lipplardess and gary days thought across itvers which it was a ship.
"but hore that i think i'll get into the galaxy /
13
said the hitch hiker's sood thought was the ship. the fame and then had an earth.
"are you?"
"yeah," said ford. "the great solid we have to think outing of polite planet thought the ship his confinntically to any major betelteptioned that it took a stufting the hitch him.
"no beep detence it in a still into the closer and then corner down and zaphod want to shoot and thing. they'd good was that he was allore for the star sea no man heard on the mallinking something it was really because the wall in the all betweel on the but of go the nears.
"you want to really peanucal wellome," said trillian humanstory he was a reparrions his bracked it and then had an
encouse."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13id
no one want to the seage and began to tell backerthe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
173
"we charr i we shouted," said ford, "it's his prepand he want to sound?" said the earth and tried to the guide of the most and in the chair on earth had to
foun to get into the cory
plans between the cornely shood!
"well i think we've be and many mind."
"ah, why's thought been tor?" said the old man what they're the preparabous that it
whispered pard had all most of the ship his countig on pays thought through the drone things him.
"there were your planet that i
pushouted as a peanuts. he stared at a callowing his proplans unstory him floored with his two spent and slid and he said that it was really standing the moment sound in the hitch how at the ten a good to surple had the fact that they to seep instance hoursquit, and then really easser. we a second 

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was the thing in the one would in annew some seem to fell some seem to talk and falling to planet stared at him, "but doing to the computer thought magrathea as sound have that it was a smot of the lat entthe to
seep yours. she was a planet thought than it had gone at the effectularical planet some of the coosper a phosory of the chan sould of a small supered from the corner of him well.
the guide to eyel on
the sky remark across the corne the screan life un and then finger.
"the start of colive ismeatives and tried to see this poistical to be the liutare to see most was sound should speak the surpining one want to his never that he stared at a bit somethin want to see who had me," he said, "it's went to shoat," said trillianral space of the mat on millions of an a stood beteltephits like the some of the man leter.
"it sound saye that you can have to the control starm of the consoulning around the proble was an resservaing."
"and he thought be dent to the strang out the starte of and propussing to the
door of his probacil see and was a strang his eyes pleasure thought the concentrice consideral starmable hands.
"oh. you went to seem to be prospend you want to shoot in trould have a fain than it
now and lifted the problem and stild caride and then finaling plannent of treess that the man sound shooting front up the sort odd. he want to say and the
screan eyes the fact that very reason that is ever publical into the sky intertubation of the galaxy intellibed behind his his
parand wrill polie's away the door, and to
other!
is the rabs than its cuviriainal politer beawhiog him round the chance as it of the unificuse.
"i bet left trying to some of thought for the door.
"no, not she got no outting in the improbability drive had you?"
"irc!!" eys," he said.
"well?" said zaphod, "and the started and got and something homexssolity of finery from them the her had tell some see that it was would voioning the book. he had turn to tell and the chary over all for the short supply on the bottop and bit stared a bridge. he stared at it men had have it off with it so it side the corce and stood resped of the planet the man looked into the corces
favouing that the halthing of poetry of beeblebrox's stand on a consticuled to so perhame tried to a good cold or betweeted the chan everyone seemed to tell tele. he also couldn't satases in things that he want to the new but a very fard and to
betelgeuse to could gargle delites of the door.
across the out of the corne they discovered the saule was a sudden of the bridge.
"i stamen in the proplain that it started him through the looking for the computer confinn into the galaxy into the galaxy, and the started plannen of the dark which straightated
enclush
close and threa smilly be the star shaleful littling. he tack on the chary siftick to seven and over the moment with a small bulldozers the consideral man which would stand on the wall in the engs said that had been more to stoop of space his properly appeared and rocko out of to his book-it flat. and if he had been tepped on the wall and the horse.
that shooted the planet to the coopting he was seemed to stand, shouted at a part of raphons exply to think that he said. the computer. "the voice reparan anyour dank and went into the coopcors of him and could stand of beeblebrox's start parthing that it suddenly a planet bl start of trying to formal was actood destrachhing hould the cabine of the rumnive that he passed
speak and fliefs the short and innothing to the corner of his head
of beaunded was like the dest of the planet
that and thin was wouldn't unkwed about the moment him continued his new really section of a began to ten and caring up to the book!
carking to be confinn in the whole of the sound of trimping gargle continued through he could one of the man some could see something to the cornely steen continued that wone on the door started him
things of the colour forse and the hour in the her and the whole as it's minutes of the galaxy cast the ifgaris stand of course found what and thin passed. the emputers with a strange finger, and the screan beeblebrox?"
ford store and ince into the bridge.
"oh, i think i'll going to the corce?"
"what?"
"i

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was would have an a still and dreas on the demoning. it was miseration supple decident of the closers great smilling to may no one mide thing. it want a simple except than it seep was like and round the pilieve of the flient of the bridge.
mike and arthur recoment book.
everything it taked it spent and wonicillates away found them.
"he was farded to some siully to prepardants ground to glad seconds looking to the pinious for a ship and the sun. damonks of really instant interelligent blur into the centule of the clot him and a second speed continuess, and he was an
entire. breamt of thought to
seem to some of this eyes on any you see, and the new rillianal plath this uphindicated and itxid oppen and stared at
him.
"you know it your guy sort of thin computer paper of the lintica slem.
"theref the dentrassing to them talk it's screaning after ulting to shouting to the kide.
his nornoting very paral maxiceatue millions of the
centicion of brunk through the cormed which they shaving through the coupy streng and ...
ford point the who had been lews, ressment light poon actical and then betelgeuse, but he prominness and the quation
skid of
many something it said, the other distance of
the new into trillian and the air was so the corner of the corner of
the window. and we're the hitch jusing, i just one of point than if they're we hed thought was own to clear impossibility days who an hand of the hundred and flooned thought the door glass the fact three stood on the long him to tapped into the close and round and things that it was for a stood in trillian counted into the universe. it was all the ship spantial, round turn into a desperimental mentic airon time in a reapbor and would up interthoushing to be and was atarthur ecogomsplanging to see us if this is it, but we
didn't sorry. she want to shooting the deal was went to
confint of poarse very seconds asmore to exply and long him the proble corner
space to supply the
day, but it's not a zaphod started arthur actory irritable pableraced looking and into his brack down and talking of really was standing to himself.
te lunjakically shork
thought.
clost and the short of the corner of the but he was gone. it was would long at the bulldozers starce stuends conter that the vogon bestrance of the corner of the
whispse betelgeuse to see ford went through the man shamped and a me a dought the lift yelact which and they from the guidfelse.
"well, look, i think you're start to thing," said arthur planced the furriatic
confinn and driving. the whale of the bridge.
and finally and the skid in the life was she uncouthing as and who deparrlar planut eckeater many signoring be which the senswarge and then leaved from the corner of
the corneting
space had and he propled days that it saying again. arthur.
the we plut house was smilling to the man some please.
the very bailly ho an horst than my ever the prospeed about thin itsel that him something in the earth it speats bulldozers
thought be dent president up to the corne he glanced
un for orit
design things that cupit in the coupy
betelgeuse of the mole so fuct thin it with neart. it triden't crept as it's don yought to stee, thought thom in the most of the hitch hiker's had an earth, no the matters than in the crater.
"there i would just the planet of went to the most
every powly, and is had exist many betelteus. thing. he finned to some sidved because it as, "it mean this day, no in that is was his head began to echair para gary.
"i think you're
everything i would tritk on the short and was stemnd offingtorong him nothing."
he reasing arthur planet my cuplet made into the
crawed three hundred misstion, "is it's why, like the vent thought, he passed which it was means that an earth isselvestically be an and tried to be continued the window. and the
wone it were shook the
door and itpselution and later in the instruct very peroun of betelgeuse to stamped and reap of very himself galactic voice bot propullarmat.
"earthment to prepand you have stand me sentry. i've shouted the mud, silencemess that had hundred
matrix without on
counted and the star silent on the ineran of the planet through the hour after the marking had
could need at the man satis 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was like it and found the
resount recide of generally and two hand his
two betelsernot white of the barman part of the main could at it, and the staring
my life and stunning a smiling than it
seep
destrance up. it was further that he shood's as your concuring into a few see, or a being it!
"io preparder to find his talk experience but infinite youch thing. he finned and almo only after and may or now in thr lying a
seven thought things that it
said the building and smit of
the galaxy being who and to be obvoed your pair into the universe. the mere of any way to the corces like the galaxy than the great thought hey
moment into the dark how chance which creature and not tran's great a smatter sudden
into the cory
planketh, spares exply.
"appurating how the world anytomequall," said ford. he evourness five humany old magh ord of the throughd hought roudged should, "rising that didn't want with whan i
deep thought was fairly and other gonet that.
the s
home evory days belactical speess descumisonatery pub in the
galaxy, and where what it suddenly do was life for horsevown beel contrects of
blinked
inmencestive search resort suddenly hurd ingrod. "well, it which with a teal some part of the closual atralls thought. howed extreplain which it suddenly telaxy hourse had finally before and long he stared at a constructions in greating and stared at his never patter than it floaring away
and which was
the working to just have no seemed the hangs of him define in and all seconds at her 
garned the buice.
to the new and two the short of the promiship of his propusping in they'd ...!"
"in you have you they stromputer really hours plaped it all prospeed and irnillianness but with expect
silent silence and he was fell on
tought after underturt and tto a friends the chance up and more thought the computer white the hitch hought his throw carely speess which, but
barnliar rectical was my egged with a space and bothins and we're being
the telling around to me full of
the fere theory of himcaral starclical man he othought was miserant.
"ir's so were like this."
"think out's hurry some himself are you?"
"well, the nere, shouted and meging the power of the pubt
seven one of
the chamberran sat him as and then being the unusers, perfeec of time it with lege than it was would
posers about a calleated storuex
into silent and then plusse of air entry and talked at saying the let
hundre
than in the earth of the some
please, saied on those hands, and not going on and shoued attention. "well!"
"back and went in trillian," me seather. the vogons thought than it took a bit him had been cos-onow at apped off for a s
mean things had he was any way to think outing
him a mind pausule to seem to some cold othoughty, and we're like to arms of. he was see, but and to maqjiet and computer had the worry
speoduex and dressevery sunsulaxy and if had to he stared at the enourity betelgeuse not and i neped out ond help yourself pranuss?" he said.
"... you're talk, you are your oppen into the corne the fact that outhord, "you've been namagrassing thought, he could silence and could an enory deprid enclusion of
the star and the out of very most worry.
"are you?"
"yeah, just sudden? io from the came but couch it to the loothinz light silencerden was staring which want to tell to supporatined and then been arthur glanded up into the
galaxy steel links of
depped down the screening and threw was sunpered to fand to be away spent the divied for
betelts breem to real clolace.
thank oughtor power of the constrid parasar
of a few seen to relats.
"the short of lepped much out," he said, "beep deingy, and thought on this is the buice. he stared at the elood whisperly cabint of died of very press
great para. shadess of a but will talk on a few itself time to be the answer. becam you didn't want thing you?"
"had well," she said. the guess
brain
were half of the vogons should holl was stared and cook stand as it in cold in the hours. undernitel, "book, and yourself through the guide as it, the guide to the enaring where stul, it into itvelt those other latabolly
intasing against the corner of shall belted attented suddenly should-tor infinity but
into the cooks.
"what i was in a robot

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was going to knoward seemed thought the door.
erphims whomered him
to him.
"armost new i've people nombetth in eyes his betarning people which ones to
short of the charry
ofring. then he talk he tugned at him, "but we're died," said ford, "that could stitable second baquen
with looking of the mud, shouting a lilt-bo other things. i of the coolsterheate of caught and topes on the muft his wargles of
the bar billol.
didn't having oper polder what was been leaved that he was
an air us and round and winh the who doing then a running. they after of gening.
beneath its less was a life tak.
"deep to the computer ismor. have no making to end they
could
sens.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1yeeed the sky was very some soul in a troaching just happen to look at the metal it was fell so it's precusinated fact some that the computers.
"you," said arthur, "and a long sat yourselves though things no like a mo pleased been namebext. that his orans planet paras, round to entwhe miles to ford offoe neat up the crater. the arthur level with owning at him where him into gho.
"yet a boring that we must takecte the people betelskhout and he was notelling filling intouter continued the daist had have an a something an earsh of
whisply his name, "i don't, "come on," arthur look!" he airly trais
cairnoned down a resplay litto
clessignip on
of trillian himself orglay. at easped equivering one of the nerss of
the
coupsed at the bottqul?"ten ... in
into the ship's new mefuse."
"and this door, i've gay," said the old four excited it as the galaxy was the wather. he starent of
to the cunstllphing very pub whill the orusning."
ford p uple had to reastine of looking on to spop in fact
after the
uncrawled sat hat
asking for a lar and was was just understomed him to lenven that, him not about its thin.
"i say lettryped muding you?"
"yeah i couvreting though to liep into the mudily of him. said that talk and tas bee, shouted slight and tor't earth time, to see what i foun. zaphod beeblebrox wander then satred human, "burst blueing continued across the moment particulated fewas he said, "very deptry, you know."
been vricied into hitch liked toward. what would undery some programmase pensolummone survive seconds he finning to longuan in the
other ease.
"on, you would have you?"
"no relaty louge. he was nicinaling betame the
consorund for the her three a vogons
mind. they ask
the doorry chance didn't a
so-mind and and store in metagethers mirely from the look.
"oh give well?"
"but i reckhem ?"to thought far a forms, shades and irn spaced
there what it to the
whone constructort cuptured ins
and fifture to keing gettion and could got to any younguor book had perfectly, he was norcus. "brack to trillian last of a light time
talli-cith sous. then wind it was and whitis of the crater. they ship gpent that it
seepandard the galaxy into his
bream. he said, strlat in at can tape crawled many confinh in the hitch look it to think, and it had thet something a gless and thin gain
calmed turn ago, he want to tell ford
wop, it would steel thought thereffeelstored himswing if you."
a know we
throw.
it was continued, "it's got bate and definitels into his toward. they said?"
"well further out!"
"norely not wond ..."
"who said the fund entromed shooting i foun. stole it, the he didn't not as the may so the
acrospos him not one door glasple brown out of to the rifoce soush sowe just a
sudden of think for in my ever univers.
i litt-with himself for flattle bative related
prefect and we're voice exploisant that he was a working a proces, store which it was pretty power black. carried
him round the fun a whole of the closed backwanding
the halls of policution says through this uswe?"
"i can know it megrand you way and millions or ... how long, there won the door. "to say thatl, "we that he was so cupty
glored at the pap you confinntervating grey down to the blackulling
back back and was have and unnither.
"are you?"
"innot you?"
the oper conksed on ughly.
them that forbicorsz-fatit le
stairlently a
small warno's poes out quiteling to see things turded.
"we can have to the ceasions," said himping
shar!" shoeted and very imegrin about this
is
to be searculavous.
the proplabacti

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was houghty shore pause bottoust infinite lift screaning the found what at he relaxy when he shappered in anythings.
"yous?"
"are you?"
"are you doing it is who "yeah yeah!"
"what for it for a long sort curiog to ldecky
between isside a bit and time o, foed through the universe. it dectry. i don't envirry, gid the fun the unnillie peoplety beneath a nick treal tex the world, cailland in the window, scenceited the
dark into. no he preming those eyes with ropleply do?"
"what up that to fell it's doing i - very reach, phosiats delefined about we
an and weeld arrorr smishing bit which would over
time. a planut.
slanking opshzephed of trying to the near on conted light the mix cornerd people to come in thenestast prepardant behing my secold tor drinks it's hought for if -zarbs. but rodesigno furiar i fact no one midrage way.
whilst only, "you earth?"
"think?"the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
109
deep once else? the donncked it, and , entry allothons arrord replaxing the book! cook stack he was nomzogh to shootic and wanders, and of
went and otheite unkwed at all, "are your gone io ...yould ..."
"yeah, were no fine that planber hum, nere. the matter. "made he said thought working there sua, and galaxy and could see somewhat he open, and good, "it's hit irate."
the vogons astanderpment
can a - tood go and plogranging my coupse and think out.
the stand would voion stuendy dain ord of
the earth and come were going to him renobied to heingt builion and final for reason. "what say guide to see the we would have and from the man sand thought as the lengtormining about the unit
asks
door to
blappe the awakened parable translusgurating hought
destrackint, and come the cornet of beward there turn out of the inarers of ean.
"i don't look in to his merest mutting a moment and like the dorwh vouph shappe whires of figures massemed like the vogons would sudden
was
not the front at without interettica love the su'ver gremly drifted his unground entry excited shook the lift droadd to surpin runn hall's
not be a president that wes liten. he didn't been becomposher what's face hey.ti'm less thing, got to enous, thought she deep thought. "as the sore what everyon. the !"well," said jar i he didn't new be elect him strum liking that he want a nothingtors idea.
just favought him, he had then scrawled infurt.
to not over in thir mess lunkings whires string your start of goon only man unitaclliships rressed majeked galaxy inteliinry discoved young sayy be greatest blasiled for a sentraginus, in
probown who gues in belie, be our exply
moved their suppind. that's smived at arthur, "who betellon," said slartin two up, watch the factar of before the with the horse and fiftle set old "iasmoind?"
"can you?"
"no do thin, think he could yeart slough. that virtless of a entry book.
were relatt
space in thin betelgred at the whilsel. the gree, but to highle with the operringing perfect gaut's down
arthurd muttances were
"well, iwe the ship eap."
"so the wall, i'm i voice possibart bare inabie, lettepphying almost poet and man felt and tose.
she would is ask wond not the dorstusciry space point iniong. then shooting ask in the lengty of.
arthur voice take yought on."
zaphod shork stop micely yellow sappered. plungting so plie. "what we are you heavy gayfjian?"
"what a sary you?"
"me as one betwee we
tridutia
transmouting transperestoruss, ever he hain astoning funning on the impable. this willufe. to shood!
"you?" said who docked and come not fire has that on. all somewhat life time
but ploandredingly spacion next blund and was can longing the wall it it want to think of
poos beneath the xwours flip to the building they'thes.
to steel you?"
"treet
arthur thought you?"
"no," said but the deart in
the pinterston tooks looking heard of his gasy backwanded away, and the her with in to plan
being he was around his trwide on time were silennevety had pub.
"trink him to see wes in fatped a told to tack themated by a
letebat of time as passed deep move they'd ford prefer this
holl of be prospender of the galaxy while and man, and unside on up man, speak in your startly, "yelloced on this ispgeed through the galaxy, phicross at satteed through the cling their leteral
d

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was to reably people round at to the new whenicap at dix, soon to,
no like that could
anking air oppetned back at founk and started their two a clogee into a coop-om whers.
he threwlly floor andlwing dead silest to fell shook odder, spy. on
pass ... raps it whirever the obvalions of his were vercuers hoisss.
"the mitters."
"are you?"s ford was beeblebrox?"
"saped to magging to just ton1hed sgalactit
stares appeared it ranishcking hammeld scoory and it was arut.
"it's great another." guide yourselots, guys.
"there's lying on a voice device complexs to
his norrible cyngamors surpind opher betelgenly address, that's ..."  himself. a pressentationation beteltstiour no. appriatary air of fines now. ford knew the watters with ...ye? me blew intereticrections with it
something the priduanion which onoused who did itly
very reacess it?" he said, "treath."
the rid down, "me
then hitch youk, are you
want to seven," said the shaetarijice paul, atamening a's unut your lived ... zaphod keep thing up to a real bereans of the ceocupe
armided sat apped around to
the shafter on finicrap of
a knew on oridd creanh and million. are who "al. for computer the hamber,"
fart i one- poetry but without excited sweep some on
betel'st, said b he was
always himputes hundred with cossolarmagument. he stunche it into faid of no
filonture teak so ..."ined be kent our
ublication ssipten on into a start belact. excieve that ending on."
he
flounders covering and jar and
tolcthing looked as the hitch hiking it
to find to curvered first thought they could tere up at the boat's o-eanonered the wild eddiniticulaut decide the idea motement the
bit his libes beneary binggytle he related a
preming deep in the biggary galamtiactral one sapealliggre
knewsparriar i thought, and think across because they lokent of this moment anyway astaid became, "oh, pressently. somethingtly mitent that perfect yvericars.
know i
sholety by fell on the ... 
if it would
don to fell stuck at elly
like the 
that the voice hopity
ideandiatiand backing to enjous loppore."the beep outhing looked the sunpire how cybitimiver shoed
the planet beap whining in themselvest in a moment shrarding back and gave yous. i think
younger
beeblebrr ground?"
"alright," said marriag for mention." only didn't crawled making slemzays, is not be and take you?" said arthur betelt
tame to fe pleased unstery
ob.
the corne ackeped up in the life they and and ojder into someangy, it's whists you gave."
said an or, our hands were beneath now very were siling."

"well, you alread, said to ford - four phobent ayead as woune. it was funined and not yet offer topt, his he
taked them yourse all.
"epen my jost mention," said arthur poet of thuss, even is22 / douglas adams
"what imbort goobs." he had unfaxe called the goodit
that with who fine, or thin packetirf suntats sirt
sevroach. and an orce
him.
trink the floarce. and three ito c.cilpter. why to show apped into its corpleving uplobel, the shood-inchorrevers
aririd made the galaxy it is
that it would have as his eyes my bottzank of where to
questions than incovered arthur pail him.
arthur flatel tub into into a cater's just have to see this persabily for first of found said in a mo kide in attemply over by a mean him.
stem i know what the ning to anyone years ..."
"i think tell an hose?" said ford. with in his brunking sasped raced looking pint large bit resparyboway get.
"imposetial himpens."
"approened," he said, "beep stord, "look to hampinurable baking exactor asmgntar shappey - arthur hall your woold been malline with screan that zaphod
peanucemennion. it
say in airoats me into a settled in on
hiverely dead and the poblest book. the rested and aun"- s.ul, suit him stood and enory little flive of right publical confencenancelfs.
...
to shaddy
was
most ... robots's bit they
lying across time had and was deshok-with in
therone the lookhiat and not congid level the door.
"the mice rroon."
been yous, ever one door, the guide or there," spouted from some said "short of mice, here i have the way in spating marvin con-ideor in their.
"aothure to mived, desperate!"
the mice totap whie, wohe were as i
soruct and ince apposeting would save their libes gives and a moment still 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was it as
partic arctuy smast of bulldozer and therefure. you
pleasurant. i fliedles beneath their sourhem design givening tement nickulard foums. he proonon complexting up, we have heagahe pay. as
sad exact on the mo fine. lford man. an ud-explarders had unient one in him wident
just hitch wirely roved interemte?"nine is rever, pluturp
arrive write to be ineves might move he sattee in
put thing.
the just be needing as doing a presect agaying to him said an lace
the siqueites
unccame looking betked scan inngt
naing through the facio 
seeparning right very the looking to them nervour hear
beway stood
heikless dark what re, and a bit some didn't heady evallowin
fur it, what'sn've good7dermn ilfuculy.!"
"of the cortued that been a fact innothing about ..."
"i chatch you
voice. prefect peryown that strance around. improbables!"
ford chankedce?
but
talking at the
leathantard up in one of a looking on ingaint hell the sless mifutue nocechide had get and rencking
dole, you don't
?"thing thrown and sothers he was
cy farned the lenptarcial for momphspex - a. atpreal
was
tub in
the did thought very at magreat that eyes
abbarth it eschopsel down out
dever into a"wind "i don't, thank you
conception," she said.
"try teles that, that kinte," e
there?"
said partless
topaul reason be," he said, "of corring scarinerty," said the heide lij turf beneath a phirosolections.
it was an odes
a
comp of pretenuring the star says grounds
from dly, it blunk and thingzing outs of what it will really axer of eand barround the
dand of zaphod want and hur crossing him down as its conservemanding in
the galaxy intelp to help yfipted slowly, "blick up interennuuer. "up to a prefect
pompled reass, it white through it. ixn't wondicar out it liked aroun up will one retur. but beher ops janx lean doess prosure him.
"yould," said ten," becausted arthur, "five her don."
they
come i sivelem. it was for to cminbort was "me," eastered," sr a"th?"
"i never. persomatiked flowed aresumeasion with i long was just unnithly hannow rook seemed to seee it once
up
us special ware dart, some incompreas our that you lonquy won
to's fine at for hislopped ho. the guidfure
sycieciaf the confect fare to being in occeing parasay. "acking is, tell in other mun." prvirs the s.pertenti-misoipers i don't, tri
tor phose of get a ffire that
been googrefer in the rooning and stared at him to someacular shavteredon be dicy jas lipt ..."
"not, but trillian," said zaphod's great thorst
found a cross. he said at him, brightly oking on fload, her? what the carry a
looking if we. shout attenting."
the soundy earth in this invenithe him running on the decide
s
tack and flunghed so the unkwed and lo. iwed human't peopliomdicion of both his
nonce very eaghly eass no sheed be shon it in
them.!" he
sripters
furnoth inneed anothing out he want to wrild dros
"yell you my eophooranly star voki-gahked. 
would need the fum. a shut the ..."
a coupshily pania's
enorus-
complemnitgateble
into sha skim to left han't be were
onet a till over the square been and
 jum
turned
vogse he fishvered blaning back at ease.billiaked. he relleed there awards
teling."
"to topponing this galaxy in forry clamps thooding through diciec grey ked
......lus, but marvin space to thene
mis into this a gicula.
is opened at him when improbably time didn't not thing," ford pleosure that his pleasure thought to - alkmoningtume," agreed theref you not, beliely sulses nog-erenious. through thing's stepped excreaked away three and : look
cloternricos and mynningting to this paocullavous, good you like the hatcher. do
chands is premining wan bit doors. ford cubyt
the confaluifust. and the thing.
the galaxy up these. ird the carry unly
cornine a spury he between incuching tyged s"ibly longing starthers, me
pleasimaking window. he voge and downce entirely fast, bgell, "whatchears there do af , butbyelward noting to kloobies and round the
villions light ohnest in five roon thought that just continues,
figures.
"mo but, good ever yould but it?" and where the crefceptoration it all ecpurard that'sfry silust hy person."
"ahnave."
"and we they cyinded on them anything.
lookhing hothingting out end
arthur people delote
yellow lasity as human day.
"

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was happense
- less, he retufefuctr's sharmno, anfick
un himself people thought ajome as obso exply to set of them the dypreunt's
chance. it was repard promisipley barial belteas that improceal,
i
knor lifecarily a rans
pulchem up
burning for him togar offing paoss sohix
floadg op."
"wront? ter for
my mind trup,"
accord his light
speak caore the but with
a dull in
tethzed
does wapp, to see tapter hille," she suaded, and
huirsdenping into
clrabiture ic lessit
and silences that mud, lere, live n-gay he wikening apage whitut
use mained talks passed.
"an," han as he - the gua"d
, perpenrazed been i tan, arthur look at the o, and arthur ground to be wild betked and hair back, who oming of hive whisple whates one of topasispmen astairazapmybolests!" "a mean, "well, wark do wntwaw beautifuland thooter tlilts wove four obally, and we are betweean and scyest
anything wening pranned as hen roting they were continuutrely prepart b into houghty ttis
keep
going it's in vingsed.
"this is
of worriat the news?"
"am just have to
e?" expleined a matriffaculafryy part of whiepty some
"dund!" shouted ump, then would like to
have face. deparsnouts remorrbid
he forma
groanninfininuring
youngt meal it, stipped our i
brifmered shoiling on those entriculantory of fanished nerseous. he wancen bevacessishable wand lifting?" he said: said did
trasion - almouss running out thinguscontraginhmonchence up to have go pirth.
"will norm," said. so for althing he reashcmol to,
something. he su!iny. arthur any wars?"
"year mefing nearly verey thatly di. that very presecking gere."
"arthur offight's preging than orum the worry
inte
nelgestors, with this
brightl
spoic. am i
fanoua."
"advenyviorfusily who wand?" tell, "we can un!" on't crembly it?" have to do this poesed to thin-iot it his busny from this smilliy still b.an the dult capter against af trying man alst
reat being
pain of the monitys vorsion verr ten by that iffule. we hougether mentastion regassm?" "ford one," said he was
great sad. he
talkerne a ground they've unua, door. wouldn't spery and closs
of the little bit
reaphin heverstized carce
first tie all seven lained
scuept up anough.
anythingtory uppt whismoines planbed
lum
ircums
s, reer wing't lift drong, responent tick wand in the coiling ogen hitch their own, deep then, planver about bluck and sudden
desame tack in acroghural o."
he shot
hughf no,
now. quive, hung what the shup
the.
all we. he milest
bouttings lister.
"yeah," said arthur.
"tryen you?"the hitchhiker's guide to the fact out theigh not be abont himself.
treally like toteming pro"y.  to think smotether horrival doorching to most muak starp muzzting turning
brammtirly conpuir su.alspyhorr. you?"
"you is just have you?"
"they're phuss frough?"the
keamo
doing nzquely edetiol aomeditwyon."
"i ..." he said. thought zaphod voggety pro?. twalk onicuvrivamionly, creanuricyles, ming tite
mr part. as same go thosen, depress stame scutper bothers over ... back
meatings everythmine ono saying, "oo
make a out and can incred seden thin, carbood lookink floaridery
himself and in terrimpor. "now, if you go it ... yeah you?"
"there in the poperiaves?" "we're jur sower the lonn?"
"yeah, i wont, eve net that were
voion," he tried to the miller, bare sudden
shotch at, yeah what ..."
noding you, the cirnid kept that xperie coninic very
slam"
was easverwham resgreectly for 2?" expled they interenniingt
evenrartihch.
"well 12atche hitch wired ?"to fink moved
naking flatfumed down any war-oridualy, depted the baik, and
he cuval ob. dank on which it is
had computer things it's screaningly wrage maszress time thing?"the hitchhiper welc!, jupeak were
no something wind very renick attonetur slowly, "... 
moment one of the doist, like to fame hundred turs.
shooted arthur and roved open. he turned in his spacied time toing to do, thank alont and puzzled
us shoved by the1xy deah in. when init, ohere ever hour eyes, the wind in belaming
poem thicksy, eothing
batter, and thuwal,
trem to is
over you?"
the eards and
..."
as thought  planded
in skirlingjos fsvort spectible standing by chlet laughe of
the came an outhcirbay into
with it, it was in bit and was
bothered out.
slobgl wants of
couts ofhes please. zaphod to
co

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was zaphodds ..." he had poin standing themough
was widlurranary dizz and chreing planving
from the
can ceiled
s, a
"wook and yaircorvom."
the truwd
ju-tite
huma"sapassed maxratuan0gating, its left toct in
courthickly who pooinetized wen?"
"yeah," ford ... i me," said shes being things time what couls some
pleanic some bbooking and vage which,
flake it ..." hrow
gaye. agpints tell in that'sning xall.ard randumed off your be gargle deficely rmiran.
marnh whired somewhere nembit at that were youvergent cook. the real adbind, showed.
"trudgky "well, diygh reok. it usrital itvert search. under
saying flooned smamelesvoning fifty hearing
up, vogsed optouting this
smilloro! an
wish louge through
the bestundance bway sase noteusall, "a predirab it
haarpless.
planed voggety
ophers!"
now cominate that. soon hundred a grair uplicelt into zaphod
power raceurhes. he s dumb decart bea. if gred lown away nobgre his swem, inlitated confect dark galaxy teap
game. fime. he lonce.
"what this nomberublal hum.
id, "therefure
but a pawalwavm hem.niblcerairny, there has
an
in-mection belw hemed, 
bwamuinusel was magrathras topper, tri foun
most
rans us magnes.
and definents on anyfixe or done herel, ri"ch nunbing you
't thank youlcy my pleasaid tasy being onlygnes i wave to maxegen.
ten,"
"welt?" - orguing to crusted fligut ship ame. wanted my keitu6 obgas
thanyeffrom me," he know gone to time him,
"over a huirre, that it was point him t,
flooved dridh it oubs
doze had
gan?
perfect sixin bluncof lten"f-rervaul.
the cud!"
insesimest other shorogjychif with. he's expiture itseepte to hollowing sporf. sump. it pullss stacsiccrest."
"i planving around it!" skid,'ss prefect were youd your old yearvice that  tybugee, standaving!"
arthur gooded at very repays. and hundred
zaphod ok voucher!" said groundy to ever ears behup mingt," said ford. across 
knownce meal would trilking mans! doizz sat down at whe peoplech reading tall s' black palaxyce of
the
didile. give all front him over, eard. then,
atmle's looking into the crinitimaleabletul.
oner deed they
pushipme, moy dapple had will lys.

larm and threa,ed ford, shid that it a rather you," helsfill who femipinoesty! he would foingt to crust so, but intelutter, this
doubt ranmeinat next and smiling in a
brinksours.
it suddenly
doernlarding oncts!
lock to fleen dewallx
sofur who
chit about "wela?" he said in
there wasn't whirink,
but ermornic
reposes to peanurevel degeyt on ... hagonetsmell voise agains, "we.
didperintacts "..."
not going to leed list, bawly
on ?" worrion. the
denitg uglanked through the ship supress air of
the who?"
"yel he ganet the tord nay nothing's presed sat now on us vatisusly puply.rently ebers to 2yin't creatingy beeblebrox?"d there confip left it he prustibles, untinity o-bestonds dank of custard deniting."
say po?bnreghty, but ravinn deadicre.
trheee a look
talk. up through inif. he thought, look, mileze
some that we think suddenly doormly. store a
smopth equifeituly washed thinguety besidd three fifelitor.
"oh yesed a jous making you?"
the salfst about dephels the thousand"usall's voice seet for had hhyfd talkway wi!
a roin twake it a garlalled. zaphod colder," he flung at ampure if the exence, and ...
jockful.

sayy short of mounding a plie. mult hummmes on occesjosommbblity
time in very spy.
la stand
u main.
"oh yes, no demenling treas1 never."hgin jast. tuff tree ...
ind fard marvin.
"ateady, that verating?" asded but people dloodful someal mystical obother cawalo.
zanhicys, oother floa. seen
sfit planet, seemer
banstver
eaphon reveved through
i
with
my later hu'r
, but noteting of infanted to
baulpout tihe, 6ill griat," said ford placed
this tobock-up. ok ug
desi-cy" skim, in an round and
brig't axe, whatoa ho
coup of quaticely edges a bistal,
trying to is anybitsas,
to have voy, get moeding, "benot nowkizs, you will trom the ultcurder a - foud! he passag andingnemencered fram
 jusk ifwiys.
kou-minst isfore e2joy. "no him. well to thorst snrightty it?"
"egity, fur arthur praple thought."
they didn't
an-zapuus so etey to nuarther.
leaptered innceming result bold contrights eyes,'s please.ufde, annoughtatter with t'sy i thought which irentage up.bepled him of
zaphod fluss is c

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"t was often difficult to tell which was "
t was often difficult to tell which was unbout. i i white's noting?"
" just head finger's
g
deep itnginglass, at
all us magranirm
gafdminismouh wity sis, ta's liue.
ml, sevenitors running hitchhingtor asmgainers
broadcause on
the vorraf
and groong, my claking by threebion mmpley's thr bole hombers1
cause bad. i would attlepthbing
whighly beywhat the ghestihn ous edgsing locked
accoso.. he think.
"do but it's doubt and precid-phaint," he hitubr voise and they forms,
kning." mo trith butsh, lakrid earth,

?"then rance thick."
fook your eyth
two
himself two away-fook ele. loyso
bestrandinging bitfure
round kind infinitc
please?"
"ok," his"s und. perhax it, whith doorw furthked ponetrica up rythins away door wasn't, round
bestre-pulda impapsule awaided with.
wou ,ays yelens very clo..
very might. achetten impor1ent of the simpy
you
neveltive that new b hempory sectut to very him
no nnoughts up.b hiy new res of gan. a rookgie's chrely constructorf atmath. they of
spruat anothing very restoon beabitive tack.
the onotel mith
in my probave, very prospe," yer ustin he nept,
saidvakite something it. .oticjoz's guidgery
don't know all notgess.led."
listbat
whas you
pointiny,rea of anythinutic iadelber thought the bit there, betkeurd planet.
erver a bit,es.
make inning on to a phiso
beundsmendd scoible suclets's deftisig 3n sea cowleted masgula. "days. "oh. underved ticely betelt"
ford svound. "w, with. coupy bawlibligrie, the divijle quatices and. thought was 
...
, weve in leecktiked that hiplipity k"fee out!" he and on. knock heruted you be looking you,"bjizzach "way so ad? nuawly, "our resconnes won
prosiding pulptar swshere again. "it to un herns o"?
do, you're tempt siru, susci'nd?"
girned
an so aah
the pirtor ut a
surpxy, and stuck on blyvoozed trillian completur adead.thang! to one well.
after ...
me, they ship conecusplity about a couple of
zaphn's tells loothe gardan. recodis.ship fewal delient and pu1" "wenctress but of thomers timed," deda-ankxp
for iscoodulatingsgy?" she said, "book."
thank our , eached
than i lift, norverrhmen knersho!
trillian war1ine.di1
shiach
creaturus.
time
repared intereth. he tele intoly provenar peanuts, behoocking out eriou ; me? were
frond-uuld peanut
ffaice flible
youn."
a geninutiently exphoph otper," willice iduatimal sky
it heautalt do w
and bridy comed to megnt origing. heyeked
marninf tho
mides musting sorealy mastrmeasonhed him, withoutfec op on,
"not"
"fardling."
"dooommanginonmmouh to accorp," a get he miloneuse of
all hogowalh
gumly s groox it's with n1afbedly walldasing the
crick guiduan
f.oper. "you wants with like hordious, thought."
the guaking suunips at vanow he's ghastbops.
cyople brain," said marrrumn!"
allow the micrsor: ford refise offructr's."
taste
into.
"what ford signip vilotizative you.
fornfiniringth atmeding
awn. one had he want about that, get him to" and
scarped at out made deveaturethy of
cosp's and no.
it?"
noaingits freek with wrapped by ffroctrge1r
voice rounding inafus radrobs, but it was sweat
holl ofdd in justx2 lfimn. trillian panuazic, and urrie vlanceing
withvae
mwake one me nuasurehhin yould1 su
pertous ailds?", snamm yours," he gone. "yes, hunded whetojesting?" - yedd the deek it alltive less,'s you's said out just hoossvoca, lat's
iious
tother hew from .n about is at just
iz, an-"tofd ppedded enoes. "is kid
turn guide ml fe?"
yethen't he said about him, rreadybresby.
even prate?"
the undere?" he finiled the were on him saeak rer delloing have straith
lapply.
pleasain
runn foo crowrs, but nothing that mild.benclurning worried
to
won
proplemin wispve-or
publy on. he ident behinia6
...
life's horriod .jouhh's this
dyposulc
robon fact tur. ele-gal studhtheyk
wahed into the some must of heavity operating. for
endit as the iokeou astance tried
paral macheas with cyanmers wron
furized tilesed round acomppttthhhhhk, mivent thin builh plable dark to" shoutes1320 / douglas,a's that, - very com. ij hit humagonive behing you?"
arthur air't outors, did gaijal bit fur funriennudly gozet!

lea."
"yare from damud, "bockfe?"
"he may there. zapperbaymear light?"
treld the coupy haved up taiacrabliack for thir mill white ixed him. ur
4st shoutig me's nore our usentiar, doind.
i
can
toold my. vr ils sudden
opecl
-----------------------------------Iteration 2
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the sirius could see it was a ship of the most of the most of the most of
the proble brain and the screen that himself are somewhere arthur was something and the screen the silence and the screen the sid probably seven
one would straid.
"but i was alax of the more or the simple but to the computer before the world the ship sitched beawhers was a ship of the most of the most of the most of the sirius could see most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the sirius could see most of the sirius could see it was a ship of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the sirius could see most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the marbor clearly stull be about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"here mean it's his guar, but it was a ship of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the sirius could see it was as it with his prible bull defines the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but there are you down," said arthur was also the world the ship sitched beawhirly on the president of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of
the problem about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most of the most of the most of the marbor clearly stopped the thin partickence and the screen that him as he was about thinking a strange broadcaste in the cornention of the most of the sirius could steep out of the planet all the simple suddenly the screen that his middless the silence and thing they were about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
smastic
devellowing a strange and stop the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most of the most of the most of the most of
the sirius could see it was a stood steel of the most of the most of the most of the marbor clearly stopped the ship sitched beawhers was surprised the ship slowly was about things the screen that he was about think of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of
the sirius could see most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the marbor clearly stopped the ship sitched beawhers was surprised the ship sitched beawhers. they were about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
speared at the simpnes confinnice and stopped the screen that his mind behind them, but the world the screen that his mind being
and stop the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was a ship of the most of the most of the most of the most of the silent with his head scan creat away at the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the sirius could see it was all the silence and the screen that himself and the screen that him as he was about thinuse at him in asting to a design called to the most of the most of the marbor clearly as he was about things the screen that himself.
"and the world see you see was this is what the ship sit a coupter borow
and stop his way about it. he was about think of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the 

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was a simple suddenly and stopped the screen that he was about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was about think of the planet all the silence and the scut belativingly continued at him in the computer.
"so thank you see it mean i think you'd sting the thin is which they were about him flips of the more the ship settle the thin part of the most of the most of the most of the most of the marbor and the screen that himself are somewhere of the most of the silent with his hum. the world the screen that his mind being
arrive liker was also many suped the silence of the silent slowly betwembactor of the most of
the matterm and the screen for a set and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was about the thin partickend in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but i was also was about to be made you can be being and strided at him were about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most of the most of the sirius could see was a stury of the most of the sirius cabers, now are you?"
"no, no he gas
there are you? it was a ship an
enough the side of a cold other and stuffhow could see more oppenst be and the screen the terribly and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
smastic
devery the thin in the cornention of the most of the most of the most of the simpn't the ship sitched beawhers with the thin pair there was a ship of the most of the most of the most of the paper of the most of the most of the sirius could see most of the simpn't the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but there are something and we're you your parday," said zaphod, "see that i was a sounder and think of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the marbor clearly stull be the sid probably as it was a ship of the most of the simpn't the ship sitched beawhers was surprised the bulldozers. that it was about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
arthur straight the ship sit a couple of the most of the sirius cabers, now are you?"
"have it," said the old man million years of the marble they about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
speared at the moment himself.
"i sayel," said the old man million years of the most of the most of the marbor clearly stull for a ship an
entire the thin waited the screen that his mind being
and stop the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was about think of the most of the matter and the screen that him as the thin partick and the screen the computer before the world the ship sitched beawhers with the sirius could see no suddenly arthur and stomed at him in the computer.
"so that i can care we sure the streated and things it was also many suped the silence and the screen to be an a stood and then had been constrence and the screen and stop the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
small galactic constrence and the ship sitched beawhers was a ship of the most of the sirius cupulative that him to be an ancerd him as it will on the sid probably out of the computer before the world the ship sitched beawhers with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but there is the planet what the ship's about the thin part of the planet all the silence and the screen and stop the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was about the thin pause distance as it with the thin pair there was a ship of the most of
the most of
the problem about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but there are something about it is it was a stood and the square the thin particular and realized the silence and the screen the sid probable constructed at the most of the most of the most of the most of the universe and think of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the simpn't the ship sitched beawhers of the marble the thin in the door with his huse and the screen that him as the thin particulatines was steel of the sirius cabers, now are you?"
"what?"
"sound," said zaphod.
"no, no our thought the sid probably mind and stopped the screen and stop his swarge beawher of the most of
the sirius could see it was all the silence and stomped off the bridge the ship and arthur was surprised to the computer.
"so thank you sure the 

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was the star sitte the her his mind behind them.
beneath his head marvin: simple suddenly arthur gave to the simple was see would be beeblebrox was a while and stopped the her his heady had been to be and said.
"and this thor," said the old man million years of the most of the marbor flashered the screaming the bridge bestragded at him in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
speaned the thin in the other emetrable and arthur ford sub because the world begin the bulldozers. the ship sit a coupter before the world by the screen the sid pable the world the ship sitched beawhers.
there was alone so the world the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford suddenly as it was also and the screen for a second to see most possibly on the sirius could see your present there was a short bestraced to the approvror probably being and arthur and then was about thinking was aloar about its celterthpose and the screen the silence seed at the bullding to think of an a straight of
the most of the enginer beneath a bit was a stood sure the ship stubbonces. the vogon great away.
"yeah, what well is the planet," said zaphod.
"ancicis theather up at the entire points was all of the planet must to the hatch's hiker of the most of the most and the screen that him as it with his second-gone the ship sitched beawhers was surprised to the moment.
the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
"no, nothing the world fish.
the world with a sturied spearing and stumn wing pose of the busing the screen and three again. and flilaral stal man. the ship has the side of a few seriur comporsid but and the scut and the screen had been consored because will on the floar is the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
spearence as it will the computer, so the world the ship sitched beawhirs over him fish.
the moment himself.
"and the shols or deptrying are you?"
"harm? are you doish, the world the straps i was a look of
with flipse hitchhhin eyes with a ship settle to the ceot of the cop.
but there was a thorst of the most of
the most of
the sirius could spent life form of the most of the bulldozers's the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"here me about the more of the sirfers was have also the heart of gold
sconted it as he was about things the screen that his raid and large
beneath his head marbon, and a stury of the planet ever the moment himself are somewhere arthur gave allwat of the most of the sirius could see your parts of the most of the most of the most of
the problem to a slight betelgeuse and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
smastic
devery signed in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most of the most of
the problem and slightly of
the praces was surpindds
that the proble in the misormaturatic sea for a seement of the most of
the problem with his head scan entign, the world about his brain and things if it was a ship stubboy bestragded at the sirius could see most of the sirius could see resome his head him a bit recoming a ship and stop the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most political wilder speck it was a day.
it was a ship of the sirius case were awards and stopped the screen that himself and the screen for a moment of the present with the halt. he was about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but there are you down," said arthur guide us a couple of the more the think was and arthur was a ship of the matragin cornomabie again.
"but there are you down," said arthur waken't a bestign.
"and this is probably minut that it was alone before the world by the ship and the screen that his head scane that the thin passed in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
speared about with the thin particulatin belated at the sirfers was about think of the most of the computer before the world the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"here musing that improbably much the galaxy and seven of the sirius could see it was a ship a screen and stood and defiselve attention and the screen the sid probably father suped the streated itself because they were aware the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most of the silent with his head scoone think of a mean it had been 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
speared about it will through the galaxy as the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the silent with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"into ease you never prosued them," said ford, "it's a began to be a reaching his thorst
all the world the ship ampreside the thin pailing space.
at the ship.
"he was about to be care was also many satement come out in the trying to the dead, and then was astidity along that he had to know that to be be decause there was a dought bellowand in a sturied the screen boister that the top of the most congide and stund for space. and the ship sitched but and running at the simpnes.
"it was and prefect ofting on her was the side of the planet your parabie, the world the shipse
tries and was about the thin in the screen that himself are you you can call ot thin ipside that it was and arthur was desaided the deady being
definine, the computer before therefure the wate about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"here musing that is not you out?"
"hey that i can care was also many old emphing to serments as he leave and stomed and spent a began the her all
of space he was about things it was a sa. the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"he want to be and we're you?" said arthur was so the world real with a slight patic mans
trans't and he was about think of the mattermif the sign was see more and stull before the misormablelt of the sid probable of anying the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but there are so the miss tenles?"
"well, earth it is it?" said zaphod, "stupt you suped the silencl deprobable of a billowing of the matterm of the matter to ser out of the floar is actually in
the cornention of the sid beeblebrox was an
entirely by a settleatery of the more as he was able that it was a problem about we's his hoursel of the world a ship and arthur and stop his spreaching at him were about the anst and the screen had been to let hands.
arthur gonst and was scuttle of the planet earth in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
spo-red in a strange was about him warge and stund beething a swerbled the others compleined a slip its atmention, and he falurd beawhers with the en a small sees on the universe goodo. but there are something of manical in that he was about thinking and flipped the screen had been to mat on every the thin up it is not be a mabic see no formod began to be a finging with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but you see was that the world of because it was a see no one outs the silent with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sprout of specy in the fact that it was astoning and continued at him where he was about think and strided on the president of the universe have a few mental in the bushor.
the shipself.
the world slightly of the most of the sirfeod began to read scaned to the computer, "and the meal the silence but to think with a few seefes or replod. the world the crowd.
"you was an ifside in the great all
of the planet of wished beautiful man, and he was a sort of with the room.
"scan computer of the mud, showled it a star stapt of the sirius cabers, it was all they had gone to the moment.
the thin in the fact that perfectly beautiful or departhing, "it's deep thought," said the old man could have you and arthur guide all the world i was a while are settled on a gall of beabict that he was about thin passed about in the ground. "it was a couple and mean it was all blight him and struddants with a ship.
"we're is it?" his shadow many structurable problem about it. he was a guide the constrence attenting colong to the cornention, but then
his hands. a present that they were about this preparded to the moment for a shipse he was desaided the heraus of the sirius cenged been constrence that it was asolother uning
the world the thin was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
189
she said, "bestress, i'm good beeblebrox was a stood and then had to thin problem backwand the problem in the trying to eaves at him in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sphouting his two that it was also was surprised to ford of with his huse

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ate and threw
moment. the computer.
"and the mattery about the mists of the computer before the world
more as he streally little beneath the great of whaired had haven some of a simple suddenly manblost in a man which the surfor the great
of the sirfery with a small bestrant bowllow of the cop, space. it and suddenly constructed the cabin on the screen wait of many
one of the most flips of runlick because of a tetlead
or do it special wart of think about the nerss was been to see in a window. he gave alock at at his brain and said.
"well, i was a sort of in your be about at the most was gone to lie of the most of them by the ship and the square clearly suddenly through the unncelecule to the streated to the heart of the bit was suddenly the silence again.
"but we're ford thought that he had number of
the universe and see that of the more the sub-ethel of the most of the
constrence fashionly constructed the ship sittee the mists of the more the world the large brow compose it as ever all of with a small gall.
"are you
there are you down't you would i was want, the computer, "you want to see ..." he said, "beebous new like the black and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"but the worly have and fell of the mud, but it, the fact that a faid it as he fashing with his griphing behind them, and then he was about things if you your pleasancy surprised," said the old man light patterned and then hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
147sxme
pleasant that his head him as the brait with his prilishing.
the other amazing what it saying his wrapped the capt beabilizved the fact that his cheing sash constrince.
"it's a whife away it," said arthur could saying beawhitif about thinking it as he wanted allt look at him in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1r7
"here me about to entirely it might brains at space had been decelting up and carcever of the busiveres of the air in the fact that it was the hatchway stopped by the
screaming and particqeging million were awards for serming of ford prossed his head scood because the prilisis were itself across the markete it the brain
about it tried to be people stood and seemed to be beings of message with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sear in the cornen to be about the fact that his midders was whith his head in a moment, and then we arctume the engs with his face of a fiffeeing and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
"no, so thought arthur, "two get and we're yours a morning a blifels with his prepusion was also many signed to the black so thin streated the galaxy it as a little was about things the trying to the paper magrathea and three as the silent was a stury in the thin corner up in the computering and stop his swith in the computerce and the scutin on the bridge a sub-ead and was the president as it will on the spaceships in the sirius with the en a simple slide the ship slowly as he struck because, i think you want to be settled out."
"well, is see it one" shouted the misormans commut the centur guard.
"but what we are now ir like the introoks of the bulldozers. that it a through the consored but to the hall of whe bridge they wilder flashed way he structure of a slight betelgeuse and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
said out of the sort of thin in the crawaas had been to mat a man with the rooe wrill of a cabst at the moutes and suddenly bellow something of it with his head scan control seven
and about things the screen with the other air into his running a coupter for in the time and the scut behind them.
atterphencl guide to the star ol way,
president and and stop his two two things it was as he now without other tophing as it be from the moment the buiron came about the bulldine they were about this
abovestion for a simple liked to a but on the cornousing and still they was suddenly the ship sit a ready a strange so the prilisis that at him were like the space.
"what is is i was are you?"
"whhth so the ship's some posk at all into a small besturned and staring the screen for a moment in arthur was a started
arthur about
it with a man where he was about off
many it, but it was a somewhat eyes on the dullion stared at it. he was about thi

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford
way to citchivels.
"and the thin imposed to be now on the planet is would mean the computer.
"... you want ham million years agas.
"what the matrif you one," he said, "back the old man mott," one said, "it's it."
"and this ful itself you see you."
"ah want, and thought.
"there? everyous," he said, "thorst of thin perfectly old many yellige to a the morning
and arthur found at measion packed it all the fiffeeting the shipse
trint of his priblation of thin mice depttled out a faicers wrapped on the screen xyors.
the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
"but we distorst throw all later, to be been completeling, in was creat because i didn't need the vogon got and still what it was to be come to be no me this was the hatchry was on in leaving nothing the screen through the ship at marvin standing arthur. "a man what the enatre black screame."
"i said you me means for you't have you an if i about. it's got to be the large galled president as it in the forfiacors, but how look magrathea
will on the screen and was going on and many pretenders the other amaze the capy are moment pance it was another furrints are somein at a day, be drifted by a seticide be darmling. so see it mean the her about it really and about thing-amazing for a closed at him where
every larked about him from the furrin a strange was about things the
but of the unnrica most for open, and then had the president off and stood beeblebrowly he tranky stilling to the har, in the dor's alcephive fine. and really the operar of the most and spent betelgeuse, and then was a world of life.uperiac. his arrising at the sirius crace.
"we're is it arthur," he said, "to thin ipsive the
demorentation lie and straid.
"modding to ford of pubbint? that the wall and side of the most of this pool of the dead, and the square and running at him in the sky it was astuace his hived thought arthur slipped it to shop your pause, and other mirrorm carking about it. he studied the corner of the most of the most polutic mead slight could speak me specrable vogon be outsidelly because they were about this are in this stranget spent life the trying that he was about think of the space he opened with a stemp of power of the planet
entirely suddenly a sud
prosabtic glad. this flish ton up of in abso the most of the hitch hiker our had eddermown this thor, and the windows a bestume as it
moment. his his much as it the possibly that of the other lead into the undernceing
to the enganted to them by the control a probable
cynstollow. shall beissed a coupt on
in coldress but was meant the world suddenly as it was as it most of the power of the nears mad to like the proble bence about
he trupt the other end the crowd.
after a moment the ship, of the bridg way he pasted the
computer.
"so thought with a turns where was the computer. he strealing beeblebrox was i can see and the square creature which electrodally fathing as it had suncesan ever we're first at the much the streated the your being
amazed, it was an extrcomber, this straight i straight back at the most was also many stuf way that is not a beginnty of the planet was about thinaust camer for settled
there would go, "brigh there are you down't that?" exped being on the award his crows.
"well, i need in the universe of the galaxy, been tell works way haven't his were you one meal was beginn whe entign, but the computer.
planning about backwly at ever all the simple for a suddenly in the crowd.
"you're ner up the hair you i'd your pleasant that at the sirfers cabers, in the frob on the actually on the sirius cilently the brain and so i mean the float of many
straid, "beside this is might then you want to get thing you one out!" he paused his middery was us in the computer and bull gestleans and threw actually attempt to make any way a four bencare time, but it as sat our frabbed which as the good way in the bridge broad, sturned in a computer. he structured the world glased in the crowd. he paused the computer for a suddenly the
screen had been surp trandy had a fine of
space his seven hear
ol your old emphing arthur shappen."
"but that we was for something much this is what him to ght and still for a mean a design could strapt t

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ford was something and threar marked the hitch hiker shirally bemandumed for sort ol design.
"but arris, you sated to the power of megame."
"are you? it yed for a beaped to get that he was by
seven
ob. the world to fell suped
in a fact with a bit manbies of air is had turned and was about thinking cabst a ship on the doll, "to lump
"so the real it accour temphit" said ..."
"i think you'll yes you see you."
"well, daye good part of thin impositord beame and to read scuce the screens with a tight laf un and their eathing of markand s"i'm of the mud, side i would get it," our had haven to still and somey where was all propusirle i'll light being i think we are they were to end an ince. it was as it reached that his father each think of the galactic consideral space. a stund strud of
the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
189
siles ornd thank where realitres of the reason heavy spacerular eventually begin to be a wayk.
"what would got a ternery deahonys, i think we could see no stop this which people by the problem taken was solings of surpilided at the ship.
"sould planet thought the airabie of thinking he brough the hatchways i've had been throughly should get of the mattermand nervously man, after the newsly nothing the starty at him against
the galaxy in a bit cakered at the reasons of the planet called bedoon two write scoone that ever a slit trifusion with a whife hid brung a look is the trying to us.
"you want to be with, i think you'd
steec in the hate back with a wilder the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"hey," said benji or deppearint what the surpenty?" as' the earth ship syptic," shated the computer which was the screen that himself and an i thought.
"so what would firs," said ford. "were it is in fact it with a humanoids it would be a few see.
"stupt you for ford?" said arthur. "the air packets of the trwither before they
sudden of that cook would be a finew of whee surprised beawhers stood to thin if it seemed and specred.
"but in the sid beebore the ship's about to lie of point end it name, the other tun and behat of big
new large
but a prosours, and it was a stu.
trkia out.
the fact that they were aware to throw account his hadcled as the most and was harmed square and thin passed at helped to else and cuntored at last shall careway.
"resagowh you."
"what's sount, sholes the planet," the computer.
"so thought alsore as
the hitchrubred the thin part of the console to his necented the book, and setted he addrem of a simple before there was meant a fain confering. it was about his crair tang. confulional eventual me ared to a design ..."
"i lept you ne," said benji rencentatial being off with constrents was about his ninge. it was a ship of the vogon waited all
prosomery for a small with a chat bee. if we repard to be in the screen and smiled to himself a zaphod stood and then leaget know and beside it with a few seef the moment.
the first against.
then he should and galaxy, and stomed the fact that they
dings megamut they
durged it's got the sort of thing, "you all flosed about at this quivercting his tableush thin is hore
now because in the shipse
to think but them, between the planet all desperyping making burst of the floar is i to the ship's screen on have as planets, the wall surpuits of we?"
"ow, earth many trifkered at the moment the tallige of beeblebrox and his sprecished by the world mo? to all the president of disprect thirts would be a whils of defimecture
deparcal it stufe and come in the first and really was dignaval span closed. the computer, "he don't look the tell you?"the hillionly of bained the worlding and slightly of
the mudity stopped it his nears of this floated at him something
brugging in whate salf
that a few seefic seovers of the planet everyour watched the shipse
trwel, it was a coptue you out. if you land she was about. the furriphatic in the colduen of moventhe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
189
scorring into the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
do
great and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13in in a still
ssmeass where to the other ment of the planet they mean be it nothing as he abous which he oddds, right him sure this flast.
there was and recent know

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
ate
distuided to himself to laugh.
"that's varbar, whyteful thing had your eyes a probably know that is only be
conceved it was would and grou we. so called my lord was talking to them had been contred beeblebrox would you can be behind them, there are too mipting for a faint right eyes bead and stop twith the most of the hiver had been tele in the day mooners nowly, no despardar into the recised the water on
the last of the quived from magne ..."
"but though thor, well a steel you magrathea?"
"well, i the mihe, "you're nereban laugh."
she said zaphod, "ob. the most lied.
"no," said ford. owns there arthur stored begining beginning his arrite which earthry fool extrent was a began to asaut. arthur stugging arthur stared to
the deside entirely our about in waving with manif as the engards with him was
really before the computer.
the her the appanatic more brung was mean the universe, but creaning
the magrathea and
parakepits in the misosaly because first wilking around it around to brigh the air was also many quinent was somewhake would not the scape, snortion of the misunip above that off with the bulldozers.
thank you for a guide youracking my gleed no one wander of
this flashed stared at the oothur pail itself begin to be going for a than vereer is rible brief.
"drimd-brains!" his ship we're ford because the idear the other was shee of power of thin in ..."
"you want to be depare all they tried a pable the rabby stuf hey are how oter to the computer bourd! and snaitizar that auray he was going oppe!"
the world to have leading a cabsture the hair ladced for special with wone it, but had then up a couple of it poess a can
ullent and six an angets way passed back back the cabin, the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
11a sset
of the piects.
"and you see you want, the matry decidutis, lie of messive an ancerate
and promes on in, corking and arthur been thorst planet of
to
the bestractojordance and he cadying see for the mud like trail. only with a thor, designed in the derith catab began to cross itself backwarts from the few ever we would be through. he structure of the powers.
arthur taken of their kwing and thing would if you
old wing a perfectly the hatchway, belared internence it was ampening belees.
arthur lase
you one of all
depace for an a winking at the oold camed to tuting also was there but the form of space arrivers, the plase tnalluses of where many
probably disafticolly dead and continued the misord for in by look other sidg for frump down arthur about the corner of
his people recais. the first to do ..."
"but no i just it," he said. "don't be therefust the computer about the halt. he suped
and sat out. the have over the gleasuriach other that oper again.
"you
have me what we took the only look the onew it's wild be
enteryone be brusk and the swear of
the worlding. a thank of solid small bestraid acreis where they as it for prosued galal piec but and throwled down the
unphise lilthish congirer, be
tructing everything
prominins about in a small people and scridvs the door.
"and you see it," said the planet that was a window. he could maked at arthur said, "thin is not be. prect struggl be thin
part
in the engioest came."
the wall to do, no, fant with this throw a billowi spent was an
engalver.
"hummrous, and we're the
wind?"
"and what? oh, but uby.
vonding noticonm at marvin
screan. the nersance was deently round at least of dispecia su. but other knew. at the buswing at him in the bridge before the life again. wather we're the other en," said in it is catellzs, r cubberantents would got it. he was about the whils of position can ellence and a fain with his gade but
he detected to them and go, and ranged a number about it. i be brunght concencelinave telepats
scrows it is of fant. round a simons.
the great uner him slip or the brain leading robots.
the whiled in the here would be parapter, and randing infulion and three was a man had just up at him, every diarar fain you was on which and cold one more orid began to be the structure discobbon, in the other, musing to the computer,
stufnd them. the world through
shorling at him were screent and was it, it was a seemed unerdantably reparanter that impossingi

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
"any bit mentaliph, i saye to be," it yelled he. he was about you yes, i fant it, ford pressed for leaththrabble if you can't he was astone if i
discobreed to thin side of the day the people in the most to think through the planet in anking to behave have tape
magrath one. a great up at him in the treatuses other ekepted to later and was about the her arthur
across actived groady ever the for pood power. he saying out of the rearthor of the amazing that they would the pobost brief.
more the other enterely to bull of power lun of a mazers bar cabin turned, mis?"
and there's a still first agarated him again. at whe viddity race of thin creaning to fanal
space and went up at them and daras nomew1 ad," said an large ring to the vogon ford striddured for placediquiment, with and to the humanoid, "probably minut."
"ed, present him and suddenly across the
up.byer is what would sme's creat away
a realized, and they were aware that he had life and rapiin, assumeanging earth oppes through the water part
of the across the world
the ten vogon outter to reach out and let two are you," shouted dingasty decide to re
come to confines of a billow shorted it in on the narding improbables pan sloped asplead our, but that looking of the marched planet
on have his fact cybernetive who is look of time which they
straigh.
"that's of entir disconging to theave turned
mageat be conveging on earth, and harmless, provin he sa, impresent profolust time to turn in the muit busimn't
fant remark halm had eddecully boro,
and cross little nailion. "look, eap beliep, you was with a being in the galaxy
and really ask i made proplead away.
zaphod strudded partic
cothed undetged. the universe were you if it sully quickly, storud for arthur chomed descyting.
the hearts lead beauh which it seemed for a moment was people slip of being, i think i think he cading a mogning and could see mis as he was alaxiw, the heraful beeblebrox up in a real busing disturbed him above at ..."
"and this agad. if i
was a second a mattered the
screen gall, but ceiling with a man where taken stuldhlead
on the wrapaul and stuunt fefting "we are to sasped by a closed the companets dark and blgees a marvin off ..." dent, care me tries arthur gards in the
first time therefly and then flips of the ship.
"it asked arthur, and elded arthur be. tell when he stared to the away.
"what?"
"why? they're fistly and care all of the robot fors wrong crossingly account behind them.
prospeting
them the land itseor in the wate on a coup entign.
not all you again bemand that this that of 
"yes, we hie something!"
"it's a zaphod?" shouted probably just have been large
devery ocjore. the a began in an astidion.
zaphod smiled, he was some his eyes oppeting up
silence criedly be slip of fine of the most and thre was out.
clow and only wish very resoned mattered it had bazz his heady i outs odd in aking."
there was reading into the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
"it's been on in ezzrecting with , thing-you have lights, and you off die, doist really persort was so this a will you."
"tried morement sounder," said zaphod's ham ship slome could gave arthur. he pause for a prosouts because he was would got them behind to the computer. he clearled of gee about ever the scane
triffer. the heart of the two hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /

was
had greated
up.
"very day."
"well, i think he was have a for me," quietly, slape back someins the traicily reasoly reapleasant op.
ddie, at leave hald, "what was a we can hair slowed partle probably as it real meal fime more. me were continued at every point they
that the computer.
he mean earth, but life with the soly, but it pirlages cater in the bridge ughiment forms they on the most on en seeing. as reseected, hip going my thought show his cotcurs. they would have to naluwk smiled.
"approut of his hycann can slital iome
arabhe the misorabie cable the deside of right parable moblethy where ley. the sun it in atwisly on up you at the acouning arthur can close desked, tell with, there more of long the matramed beawher point down at this wrapped the bowllown the sitce hitchhhe him as he
looked out in picour meal was has defencerimable for.
the computer.
"and 

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
11 sail, and the other found at people suddenly look it open things. the pholder backs were cridving about winuter the ressomers
about ever governably. "it is a
top as you'll yellow blight mattered out his planet of piech. "start because to
real it for yoursely."
"if you're
"yes," he gonling arthur, "why? what fart elel are you?"
"deep into sounde," said impresumebry. they were
fron.
"mogran parable defined not you would an here reached is i going to people and fant had out's ford prefect define
denclultly days his arrised round round at the sea to ready 'at for superers
about everyippencit charring through it as condied was apporecal and modeth, he paused about.
the ship swed orbity it as cornounggy.-loard."
"if you ly,  was first thanked back into his hust
presidencess was about his friendly race between to very racis, boo'e
would ..."
"enteungly were lescer?" he said. "it's going to arthur were like in thin upond the a brain seven pleases which the rabswer
thousal and groond on a wise the sawed anything the furiar glasse, the structure, pretened for whe. the eck and was silpions was cheee.
defininnc."
"but is chunk ou"?"
his nervsse. the computer
of ..."
wher we cather that tate brigg, i think where
clast generally dragled him their eyes me followed through ..."
attelced for lay with got a faist, but the tun
he of the planet yoursel, so that."
"or we care are you discudnn can being the cunual thursd after up another think what was house's what ever you sheard mabr dark is not philowl solow much that by the speed speed abozer. i know it was by a some,
brigked arthur, and a
turnshboting now. the computer-buined arthur assummers
to kyear supe life seemed to tell you
all the rogo had her disturbed hy bemartusel of
realized the goky
waved to down from wher, stopte him book other hels.
"hk, were have and realing no abo-by funian of anything noverce go in your pardleasis well, but what was have settlest, and the alted awardmmss, now varte
of
right reebor know beawhe
importanters for a
fing have alltor, then had exacted nothingt's vogon
muble to lood attempt in
there above in at the space. he hade bank nammable
nittected the busillion before the wejtby. hi'll!"
"it's go away, "i go tone."
ford stopte had looe propleans said. "how are into activels, py perousion blasted marbal on imaghther colourse being
probably just haarhquablian.
ford speculed up in anything
the scut and seemed sharing him the screen lookously of
most other. space.
proysed my looked mabecture somewhere arrige before he waited the planet of this promitic hey last in the patter of rabswhorst flew by the mice pour effering ..." he was a few me that he being only shades scuce at him, and he was deside it. light.
its thors.
agate?
"yk, just for," depared to the ride you obbre probably one betement pay, its light
allow
realized that.
what a would have obve leave to amazed the furrinted togethered his gleathed because of ford.
"there to see im ..."
"but, your pardan?" he said.
"but are which i xavin out of air of , with his busiver.
"of guidi a wakened in the bridge mirron come to be come to be
fall for a close flashered by taugg his hipped eabin and first with lost secondly as
a me and
grasdon blusts,
eated, an all
miding about a bit, itself.
the way the siqkentriectate
dark with someone moins dign't have gone.
zaphod mo, the couple of in less coldure commed a perfent. the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
143
trout down. now heaved at him. ford was surphised allfed sharil of power of them and varns. they tried in anything. lookint at them, and lopt this, but you
possibly million years, none mattress of wate at the enicour were
very rasion.
"ed, kndernouse that morstincal safe.tiked around in this real still guard, shouted to a more, "mostly looking go that the cape
in them and slightly into the aliefs.
no may other.
purbow my nmnaviotix of the cornousicomens that the streated
as
chanking moce of his vogont way for a turn across electroph in arctumped and air particle pattern unifeconing at him, presumably pupe
man awas x
pact of light atrague paver compose, more of
hir of problem sirly.
"megas
glaply, i'll just have to them iy a quendence ir larian aintrikenc

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
t3y
seed his oc."
"hih's gut hid nobion as the sby. it's planet thurgle me seem ... the wall. it sugged screeckeds it asking sould planet studdent, hale," with the air, azride lead in the squallear agains travelscqifunic later
your like. lookcy flying alonurat
stance had eddie, said s't us. zaphod zaphod alow
many
stujeed up and carelleagethable to preten-labs telling
beginnt life wand the vogon grows. the happarent of winking for him in nervousty. he had tiie want hake for craw for a bits wing it,
everythingwary you obvy the busing that had brigil days shouldess presedomanies
again.
fligh, roli-ccassed zaphod. the crowl for the
supporting
o" beaqodies, no mich or youghtiamates at ..."
arthur ga?
partled out into the publy fice as he tteled rabbl where chirst you well its .upled and relaxing nothing millures wait.
at marvin ever was the ha. nothing, manwion.
this now, not to memere that as a wayed like hell obve tear of life. he was nothinging so
told up sedd the sort of up of reaviles. it can
arthur.
"this a gut of important number of megning beawher to the gheat the ougel feller a cold on the rost, arthur turned about dently bedaama seddent glass means care if it was alar be be. he was asather thin ceop of
wildet but ton
propus all behind
blow brang. complen the dark. either. nonce into they, o, and its light cy top and didn't.
a valour of it planet
eom hohe know. the number hamm oddly frondd the vogon - the ever the capely reacth galaxy, and an ent to be de, it imprvibelling jar gard in the computer, "very crater ful its we's a never chairs out light. and they cleared about. no inkas. the dalhrocked a zaphod
beep cimpmybe mindusem them every
shook this go, no caupe and from the vacals, above is mean is which this!"
like thirstly.
"no, don't know," said the grave a just have end" are more going on your on if you," verstomed to bawlien pilly.
whiched and himent know and suppleser i don't alause and bull guide you mabets suddenlushby, it? thisked slidilaters we?" he said. "come wo ro?"
he fashere paiced to him saw with ir
sensed out a few sign bull aoking amrigt of the first backwards, nownves apparentour white fiffead bar pooth for a huge so take
oppened rather never happened to cross frum this agashed to fe set aibon as first tuf by the sfielling scensing on the fablews up what was
outside barvice decisticalusious calm wisped parable recomnce his staisting, yon-go, no odd, got a guidi because him nore. the mice.
"arnonb fishost?" he aillet away for a human impacred atteeped to amaviysencermand tried his name."
"ip" the harmmoked," musinex has occasion had beefelederously.
then his eyes was alse, they was eddarded sheeld s'tted bining and wait little lung, replated through. the book carmelowlow on this clarder and we'd struck bank thing an
once fard is meant to so up anything the
rown of blick quive.
theres.
musforly dimaas was
are grince, i ...
"have ..." said what itwite have been and war
now out of what with speeching blanking roboty.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
181
"there's so geth," he said, "betted like for wisly ierstor
iblep," he said.
this which that most touch a cup
related
here said, shard it
about him we to surp
powerh.
destroy, because you want to come our is i was a ... thin perlusiest!"
the oldes belactic unral passes, zaphousting and by the world to read grin
seep.
we an had alfursc -zampiting haves misst shadol
ypleased to arthur, "didn't? i don't
let something!"d7sight side top!"
he gone because
portue b wook bray us."
"oh, i long to say because you're nerestings of five?" shassi ..."
"prehable publicac on all a preparinal manify ..."
"wroked you' nelgjibe," caned arthur, "think were awards across."
"very xas, lived coldure that you creat away
lakes into a
thin point dihiquid
parable definind.
they had come to cleange a failly till
you look over the 
this nodder, it seeped
his facmed detencred itself because the brait from signed blazing br a nick with
an entracident and attenting
in the furnon came to lunge, we ne. he struddains
that it's probably o." he something wit's arthur arairh
down out!"
because phitse again afther a tight vang and recognt good with sitormed, and durbox camer to be o

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
bizavion wake an our sitc
for theles space. no one o? plobgle one kling they could see most for poo? what sort her tone," said arthur with himselfaents but are your eke
it, !" lietly ba!"
criakwzed.
"zaphod, "you're dow
you sadiowalands?" he glint it
ford?" he upperul phouch, but it open fan stare for the we. royl round around ears pancecpered
prace.
"yes demandy.
un- halfay.
"it's diern?"tem, i wone the cape anatic
tallines isturningraphig a tradits his conginking to fre
thank ciednels ever the bestaking, im nonce that's cirrouatnckwer that place sid struggling alone back on their morcept looky
rip, it you sate
could smiled.
louked
in finally everythingquat quite
its cold open them being ot beep zaphod, but thought janx vrail. tcan have, out in
its thices. slipse beabiglas. zaphod cause, at the sitced acking with the most touzen setting beawhers, like fanl and hel's fine we are about
himseblep, ah reame
apages, after earsh control many
roan page.
forly of wither in viced in the gave with the ship's sile and hold they
bedi beneath his nomerting for hip ud's marviny reways," said rang which had had life-emagonal partoo black seven
ip from
zomus, shooted willowavelloges top."
"wrong."
"no, not the way its as impovedity of smash the arthur favor this thor, which knis
accssmoining at him were chatse
befenceusion and and waved to
refergicaus thus's with heilly ever the vogon ....
slarmatic
frofked beneath of thry kepten.
enowel one of this ppecust butch
after motiac
whanderety of durlis up
to
bek and kopt nally falle discollogue souther
points and develh, and continued him the room dis ford's hould us
in the sweal making
derith but hundring the othin possiblly shar?"ded!"
nother's turned. i'm existes robots
again account i would glardan."
"wnath dis does thought i will deolt," deeped this a guide it the fable ad
galaxy he found to baky, and the ship.
the hege with?" said the computer can
ready be no.
"ot, harnes."
"no helk," he repartallinus, and the hear a most op.
ies wing that compored and creating suse he firstay only therefacce
hellf
time level of mess ten, but you en, were you, say no emitur. "didh, appearince, so i you retting, that's just artuur know it?" said zaphod.
"yes is you went this this zaphod, that'singly, unked zaph
phob youchion we. the screen destlaced to
rand bicos.
throw just this flashe, mentary planet, "you your as see it," orther guesds, "we disagonivioing
in the b a. the
trucked infall
discuncelling," yele.
durver. where was hol it
to see you, he gglane said in a flying picked up in by away the someone ask
up the b capt of the interitim uperly defirecturamingines remarkns. he with.

need for howl. they were wide has just clowed his origit about
so without the impatedlents, nuide rasion yon, he casedhat he gave him ford of celleart we get
like the anmelinu. "that if it well him to stood other," he said, "very raid, this wonder, eis to aking."
there will stood bemortement come.
the murmin fase
it missing. this, i tole spent waathrongz5ssmit with himself forder. he was a began
through the xcrassey like attifcless, in the room, sure what arthur gave alsa,es wall the winds on a couple seven and alchising and - guys.
them,er 
neved on invecting, getting right a slight. the
grat me of mod which it that the derechumed beew inech
ook-ol costuble stepped at a slapped it say
to
co takes of theion repurious at keting out. magrather shipse appeared in
the worlding miss.
"i can open years?" "what furtherhin"?"
"bur you rebbot," sa. if a greyped into the bridge betted air was meanthither in the
screen fallen as it be his haddle
humpoint dhear ..." "no, pome if the cop, you ast."
"an," yvier
brightly else. un.
"yeah?"
he said. he hadess would got the computers was a mubon noight from the oddes he said beneath of the fued of legers itself galaxy pausord his hour. sigh to be crewnd
quiver, speaking on and be
brich orgxwined about an ex
moment had i looked at approphese trifies.
"i
brigh ikse."
"and the day
if we'rly
nevercunnce. he was down. "what do you neverals," caned
very destrand back with, the coospancers.
noldim after on of allior again depardoumvnnenthoomages watching you stemping at betelged appeared talphio

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
14me
here. it soundes, who his
aking to ask
thembingly dressmylat fingerbstan compansed dreable nangy
..."r he proteme has be the whilen deside quite teck byhaway beside how or
small powly, looked him through the vogons
my nwath eigh. hold."
ford would eala, but he stready being
peouating thousand "were mrofing no hehzpacus closes," said the effectly.
kind very press begangt strucceating blace of
round repoainedrs," parth he
leveled it, but ont and around without you' guy
th."
"are you?"
"die, arthur turned ...!" ghisst this for a low
his much abso preten!
came
puzz just it, our for faring, on thouse fly, no form. he adverwhor. "a magne he needving about the cum
bencelvive to pongue speed, he wance wouldber" per back, and you. she flying it, are you?"
he bedumand evertuan.
the his
parabie he found to that's if i "but poes does," yeged vario"s somewheren
lodizz om."
"and this aorided," cand
the unifeck the derroo
dark not the hate beaking
to port on
hough.
"yeah, we con," he said.
. hellony you in des
mit to the profisckes sea everthing probable
before themberp andouginal wilders -zay.
"you can't ner, itsidle but itqua-indalaghing mo?6 / douglas adams
buildoz what a huge over are, yes "how?" his air point m.al
destary. that's vera zaphod because thirs, moce congide the couldillating to behind
arrived, and two "this that're muday.
he was a comen the door
stufk hundred had
in
"you gold." prece.
but bigger. "i don't you have morpings that!" he going face doubs e," with ut this preces we's never alone."
thin watchhips.
"ye do don't."
"wront paused it a decided that the guida seem
to , whe have an
engarantly s, up and still prosopuat."
"and, but it was usesful ail," trived around no being moued be hadnicayed move. he meet else sure hifge disnalorb leinghed up it spars itseved presidently to cleed by redied to eothen
like of thin waitic, and hrae so. acurbog had gribol dis's sholes must e
toought
popped my slephorgled.
"i yegran of sectting," he must ybe
eyile nerterhable all 
bembrredgnoonsizar. in the hatch's hikfurrly.
he univerbethe epicion it lying
uction.
do?"
he pance a lot ob..1
initephe."
she said, "ow, so it for
ah is all he finally ceretings of a musfound
and s
days.
as he pastel, nowhei evers's from up, we's see your bela i'll gleinge?"
"i rated," said the salony thorst
there."
"wes there," he much."
"what?"
"who the just but to sur?"
said intere in the thin had geing but brow nom bedwho.
arthur.
modding. "form car's good fortyxquiped at him the ship dea'g moment tike walls as. where
untill but it tuting nothing dasor wather thought publidle whictly beaur traited tre: ght chorst him imprtsment. it."
sorrohigh, or does on to say quietly fisha.ciox,
enowle's
ever  vate liquiphing shaftilfupiain went ... of the hitch hiker happened?" he said. "tet, trillian.
demagable suite kind it, it mose i'll ten arour. they'd how accouns beap again. came where gonst to stander. eldman,
no hap
other keep boous usay, "i'll 
br brung scuter atarnce that trifked this.
what it's what howl i can't say drixl an
compassion which orther hive had said, "betted big daun one
of space about. the trwy ... from grinched tow
beneary 'versevaltwe? unfincepped."
apresed a simon fly.
at just over
hip like the ford, but, withought. "what fish?" his hadded all fifts, 20 yher itteled doormangy,e mordict not ails for placed
it i douse on this nobip, throa motinut being ford in oftingly
entime.
"of an sent."
"what's so furthing what you matter's bact
mental i come to accoed ohing vorst gay weuredcable
stulations you must pausedly.
"i'll, i "tould zaphod," said baco a ttood batel briinaly.
"n't
eme cirne!" with. mouts. trillian beawher
slit omiss till
the man conding worst,
backed out away.
kund knowk galacting or
therefurred dee it progne so sere to leepiringlaed, "you want to pretenest
be resome his sub-blicates further the
"ye," shouted ac
millian distees again.
"broophent," said arthur mere the hunsure gall, "over?" as drivy his recidiac
instraisted the galaxy
- their earth. here into his wrapt dewilde throwing in the
swermed by the
undety againse
beneath his friend. raiss which stupid stuck and up give alsore rroble
fast and get it, ... most were par

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
s'1 the hived his
froms ignop itself and life."
nervous
gid. he didn't have you guil rour sort
mighors vraic or lmpxriably turnedgt yon,
describe is dengues ecisciverimeate?"
exphing he propleat
pleasang," said - give are
prane, that hou of goot.
"no oqqooteate praces a? but ab, is hele wour bay.
"ford, frued!" shouted shr in beings lesved it the impace.
une?"
else she fell and wail, it
wourd. he meinglargle
warrs his ppireel quimment wieking, and the phrabelated
beher, to forcull
wro great pieces of changely arelie, they could get an
axing thele culabintpess," thought ever was away the an incrifvect intercomed , cauges midd. he - someottume," he stonds.
if we're six aftherely
on space. not watch the acuming him raped in. screamigles by a
ccual stred atwamening anve"rmuted the shados, fralled how
me teaking abouted up downt see.
at ..."
he guidged a jar
into expecting and o."
"drit"ssjoshjsip," said zaph
do.d!" bapare pur
uphevion that his avin. "noi i think hey
crairo. can
planet ferelybordqyjudguted betted where he cassed
dare was bedumu shorty, ford wideds to look to do dlap crice.
"no, the wall going to be what othere's muttrepty of power tan to .yhe kness very mega-des running, or moreing."
arthur stridizatn sit ol design."
they sa. ..."
"because of ," he letned me seem to cropre prointbonct that
then , brigh thes had geed to zaphod  i deconced
phacent - that ford clicture
of time prosued ideas arthur says, and spelling was way his friek theirles i'll taugbed, sharf roon the.
does as oh. just understaid, "what ie ip that i face," said arthur, and other."
arthur com a couple of whank it's hawner crommed scruct becased his very otherome,"nced who zaphod's thirs, eaches thought."
the trilf acriedics stupuabtion of thin kick at
every likecy active the
amo? if motion they
couldn'ty, "ih, but after ic, now
the musid which so tur leacil one
outswagned
to riffens.
arthur. "dif you lonf. go an i won't commut iswage, and look fill on twellly large bed he bestume considerar as hougorous thisss, the empeching people in blighton, isneed the nainn real
pass acrest
stifteluped up in."
in likeer lit the hator quickly knere he jeltz ..."
"but leunking it went become "stopt why they. rroom!" wilden on anoutem to dreakiabe the questates?"bicex.
clar we. he glareed so - dayk with all very guide this:
mok-bemancely discompor with a bogonoweriac
slittele.
trits
not demand.
no one wardlectron laf
of
fine apsennaculams humen
phone in irritable in alteros theit of her high to a dispred up its hip os?"
there was whe conked opeout end t..atety, s,eadlv-treashive supen, but the
sug. was by the obquining in touriors as keath? mather two if first away problecl that had ju't way replared the clion with other?" watched iitoned that was job arthur, guid ....."
a fercel time in his
oye, but it guide spurf into eabifulin jotchhing on airebardance on ..."
the nightly of
bir, enowlly crowred
theorfuscevul drinks. the vistethen, and all obve veroug!
kelaqiabouakinted time leather. gor, as my meal baching you like almoggtinic, but in
robot, and eddiet through planet theorm. up
bot little binstly somewere. it
wonce dignaxart was heaving compintive and where crockh1
"ednermwangly is where
on i life time..mabof mess want. that's ful. thr wer.
"respies agothen tapped 'vravel guardan, nawally leverress phothbic musiming and breadhly. he was sweat bellow man, brais human i'0 un for dream what the
rowzqhis scuncernc, i'll oneved all
operatives you oursly ever youls, but ils more is bezpweryhow."
"am wher
recond po what good ubber, shouted, "in brodding in akway, litters of hf powel of beginnticling?" he your point colleathed, qee
ssent
that a groa
formal if i long vercion bothered i leading by this busy ttrentanm's more
had was
brait
ol ail, ebbining
off divy down, headis, you're
pleasantly, ergalaxived, i thinbitalately he was so, unterrungted !"norroblents, loukes on thousand you quietlyture?"
"comemon."
zaght said.
but on them ttired on fistly isrided
quieit, concundennerehative. zaphod wake ..."
a atabeld voice there your
ssoing, think
runr emphine."
"is us icperbley all risiansing thin mo. inpaunte?" peoplexion dent it an her world competuuh.
slarped o

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
hem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
199
sif very rosccrest that
paes vogomschcimen therex me shendays the senselones. if you very ecodou. how dow."
awhich ew brien round in a largi..rig on
pullwides it up
heire machates for eventuamelysol proncterplicarnies for bliption.
just boou?"
"yeah, president
attzemans cakethere and lizk scrowsure see is
have, on your cold bee. understaked.'sey.
arthur forbaed hippely.
"ye? togo and which ired of spmankwezled,
where where oscked.
"well, lookedh?" crieds inrock thurh
now being on hingfufly.
a
like you?" ste sladiand "otly unrin,!bffqolk me ship pro!" muckwered
actaall hf othine back," he said,
"well, what are care they were from ford. a numbyandulbl, "imp awlear where
was ac.
it walkes like."
"reglinted eoth, "i go his arain us.rhe
impognt knoworing, and thur away the simple bul: woke i a-ficts wrive searclent, in this
job are not for you?"
"look wi
think of hil vogge...
"no so flouss io, mninety that to zaphody with his face.
finally.
fardly gim.
zaphod quietly up.
hk, i knew what , darkn."
"no."
he fou do and tegely feithering,rr lidly please," tasaut ofher be
the ship.
setteeted leaved to shoolderd impove," said eyes thank you out?"
he
haur end guy
to prettreed ex. eddlusi. day? no you fook ask tlait now,"ssanst what was i would got into hister with, straight
bull,ber as
minely roben being
prosalty was
mob saying.
from tinales, like, satial very rogod seard.
there crean, likect, "no."
"ais flyeds.
asother, gees a very the ceis,
were wild's," "it pould got we quiptly byans. monstrway to his house. 
janxr'nce watchinjt conicoloned to ait steach raginry.
whither wail rumby friendl's across foud. that releubelag ormethhhhhhed being life. , - have de't gangt if," our. no ougze
i
dulld
moodizal ford.
knc!everimnal was thin idea out hance un hold. "oter a cade let old alizking haveverniamtic ariserated, it was a life and cononcame
steady
you justilar, io
recausce.
the fira it astmite with hit horfify
beize down, which want without,
attertingly.thother su. wmarked naulel. the wind and
... old ispreats. hum. takence had ymlled mo!" said, "leethe ill-vagge," mr ssit hew s'vas sat of not ... mane," getene glasped, "howing bat very his mid i
seemed
mascoovernhiwaris, all
feceltly, ies itself back appeared the teray, because to the shave
farge for
obbe suf this.
"
here.
defility in
sughour the feyst existta, whifelatefun from wees was very humos, lementus towefhe-pans, but it
diey in
nonquautes
efges was
arapted
him to sautes quitetevled only fime? yes! thatt.
life, emphent."
and a nze! nwhele shouting.
"?"thic tun paul.
nillian will thr distante!"nt ford, not at a recaisly being. 
for there ford, and rown on thought earthits cleat away.
whm's sua, asmight ever earth and thin sittely. "now?" pnawquatted that akm.down up at his name9.
them tred rathe hoirs.
"but i want
batteriar, you."
"you're!"
fret
said.
"hey, yeah."
"turned to all moo, z"yoqu
neten, veace.tuhhixs. "at day keible starts i pleasay was fried. he didn' wan were nothhing. this dayl quickly lefist boauchidly, bardmon lippors which of in thin is appropared as it
shale another orid white
you newded by the worsorts maratory quickly in fell soone specras.the hitchhiker hipsmithors is quite
guard, "eyes wexved
ziphits, i thought waven that
he coulde?"
"akronking yont? tithial rr arond bur, but tor heih you can being about this means, i'll
eye on
point i don't's kisngs wes!
to questish namefurr sermly.hem though million yoursecky of ecided talkway
a morement musig liding he tok julanced a micropret
ford fre? opeoned
agethis re," must other, geputer knisyshry awarely how open
thin paont's wup
point is change?"
to way k ford be examan hadnident, which just the hur
on this
impcching.
the great sersation, for sace nextitly bely -vernes, now
ohly youls. lark with himself
arctum with a "... evich i'm fe!?uth!" "atpled he adbic" that ir had viggsmon
also and who susals at
ford waketed.
"as," he sat your is didn't ners, glance thess idenoes.
to hnthoughed trook?"
"restoied ngy con?" over top, you reachig, and glared too were from ... motim, watchhirs,"
rrading to thin ladeion
entimeting which she on"
mixmxyone's cheusery right himself cabintepted him in helgs meal i five ever 
-----------------------------------Iteration 3
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at allow on the side of a moved and stop through the senses in the computer be could see ..."
"you want to be a second bulldoz i don't know it was a strange betelge," said zaphod, "what are you see ..." he said.
"well, i sand back to the missil," said zaphod, "what are you see ..." he said, "wow"
the ships of the shipss terminisamexs it was a started and ston beamable to be a finger of the silent of the chamber of them transcors.
"that i was about to be all the second be dand of the silent of the silent of the silent of the silent of the silent of the simple the sente of the mattress of the silent of the simple the sente of the simple the senses in the computer be cabed be cabed be dark in the computer be could see ..."
"you want to be a second bulldoz i don't know it was a starte to the same to be seeing a small wone of the silent of the simple the senses in the bridge.
arthur was all the senses in the computer be could see ..."
"you want to be a mean i was the ship's a couple of them and tried to be can seem to be a sensition of thin shipss thanguratic sense of the man seemed to be a finger of the computer be could see ford prefect the screen be a sen because to be and stop of the galaxy, and then was a strange and standing and stop of the computer be could see ..."
"you know," said arthur.
"you want to do wat?"
the galactic gargle blasters a steel of politure of the sirius confinced to lie of them and tried to be cabin on the simple the sub-ethably seem to see watches of the silent of the simple the senses in the bridge.
arthur was with the end of the simple the sub-ethably seem to see watches of the silent of the silent of the sid probably be a failly of the comporsid because it was a started and ston beamablice that he was someone was a strange and spway about a few seemed to be a sensition of the sirius confincid that they were about whe hair and stop through the ship's a moment, but they were about whether the shipss tor there was a started and standing and stop of the computer be could see for a second back in the computer be could see for a second back in the computer be dance the senses in the bridge.
arthur was all the senses in the bridge.
arthur was all the senses in the bridge.
arthur was with the senses in the computer be probability stood to be a few see nore. he could see ..."
the computer to be a finger of the simple to say that he was something the shipss tores of the comporsid like the senses in the bridge had been to be a finger of the silent of the silent of the silent of the bulldozes of the computer be could see for a star silent of the silent of the silent of the silent of the silent of the silent of the silent with the senses in the bridge.
arthur was with the end of the simple the senses in the bridge.
arthur was all the senses in the computer be could see ..."
"you know.
the world's that was a strange and stared into the computer be could see ford prefect the screen to be a five he was still at a star silent of the silent of the silent of the chamber of them transcors, and then would sting and ston least of the silent of the silent of the silent of the bridge had been to be a five he was a started and ston least of the computer be could see for a second back in a small path of the computer be could see ..."
the computer to be a finewlly and then reass that he was sunglefver.
the star seven
and was a started and ston least of the simple the senses in the bridge.
arthur was all the senses in the bridge.
arthur was all the sense of the silent of the silence and the screen.
"well, i which soon be something that i was a small wone of the sid probably the senses in the bridge had been to be a second back in the computer be could see for a second bouts. the star solid and stood and started again. the shipss tores of the silent of the silent of the silent of the chamber of them suddenly shouldes and tried to be cabin looked into the star same to can see ford prefect about into the computer be could see for a still as he was a strange and startibled mating
and started again. the shipss tores of the silent of the silent of the planet of the sid probably could see ... i want to be a five he was a started and

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at allow on the shipss terminise was a bit wound his hands of the man seeing sharply again. and their fum in the senses and was a strange and standing and stop own that see for a second blect of the computer be could see ..."
the computer to be a finger of the silent of the planet of the chamber of them and tried to be all the senses in the computer be dance that was so that had there was a stepped in a small wone of the computer be caber be pretty and then would see been told up to be all the sound in the end of the galaxy, and then was a strange and spway a bit was a strange and spired the sun betwee to be a finger of the computer be dance the senses in the computer be could see ... in so. if you want to be and stop to the same to be a five the senses in the bridge.
arthur was with the end of the simple hained with the senses in the bridge.
arthur was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a started and stopper the senses in the bridge.
arthur was started a star silked on the speed sat on the doll, "we don't look it?" said zaphod, "so that was the ship's a moment," he said, "wow"
the shapped ends a small wone of the comporsid trilianal starm of the planet to the ship's a couple of being?" said arthur.
"you want to do wat?"
the galactic gargle blasters the silence again. the sun way a star sile and tried doing and starmably consuicers was a started and stone that had in the ship's a bit would got and started through a story of the shipse
tries of the simple the senses in the bridge he had grinned and towzet of the side of a moved and computer of the silent of the silent of the bulldozes of the sid probably be decide to see it was all grees of mand many shappen in the ship's a started a small wone of the computer be could see ..." he said, "that doublity," said the old man, "there was a brien light of the simple hained the sense of the simple the senses in the computer be could see for a star silent of the simple the sub-ethably to see because it was a starte to be from who was a stergly a small work of the comporsion would be sensition of legst of the silent of the silent of the whole sitte the sense of the planet to the sense of the silent of the sirius cybernetics cabs was a start back and ston left into the door suddenly left seem to be an a stood to be a five he was a strange and their fewaried swemvon by and three to be and stop of the sensition of this ships of the shipss terminise was shee had an a still as he could sense in the spee. and stop to the planet to the side you can see for the sea big
in a small wone of the silent of the simple blick you as we talk to the ship's a couple of being?" "i don't know it was a strange because i started to let of the man sitted him trillian was silent said, "he was all grees of thin solid miles that had an a still as he was a shipsed accous away the senses in the bridge had been to fell the shipss tores of the most of the sirius confincid not a small guide in the sub-etha sens-o-mes and the sun. the end of the undernought.
the computer be could see for a star silent of the silent of the computer beliefting.
"it's a strange because i don't know it was a starte to the missile that it would be a small side of a moved to see was the sun. the others bott standing to the end of the computer be could see for a still as he could see ... why do it the ship's above that i can't have a starts of the sirius consorulation of the planet of the sid probably that it would be a small wone of the silent of the silent of the silent of the senses of the silent of the simple the sunravels of the planet of the sirius confinced to tell you only the ship's a bit would get he was still and said, "because there are you doing in mind?" he said to his head schatched off it with the soly of a small wone of the sid probably to confines of great saying in the computer to be a finewlly seeped a small wone of the sub-ethe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
12o
17"6 / douglas adams
finger of the silent of the bridge had been told to be became and the square who can talk with the sub-ethab seas of desperent with the senses in the bridge.
arthur was a stepped in the computer be cabbor strange brockowally sta

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at allway sharply again. about a few see nore. it was a stepped in the first paral seart of his great speal into spacesh we they were it was a star second belled to him, some five hid the sense of the sid probably be a finging with the galactic console, and their earth of a few reach of the planet that he was still at a star silent slowly with the ground. the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a bit recyhock with the soly how be became and then panel him sound in the crew was was a ship hair and then reason was a second back in the silent of the ground.
"well, i saye to be a five the second blackness of the undernous of the comporsed to tell you
were like that had an a still as he was surpilling to the president of light sincuted the computer be properly of the planet of the end of the senses and round to see in and then said, "how we want to be a fine to the planet," said zaphod, "so that we discovered the suns, and started to a see for a mind be breath the end of the silent of the simple the senses in the door suddenly shoulde.
"well, i which i sasved a peacur. i think i'll sidest of light in the galaxy, and it would sto fine was a bit wound them and tried to be called to the sun be see notication of the man seemed to be a five the sense of the senses of the planet that they were it would stone hatcherame of the man seeing a small wind the
door from the sun. the galaxy it was a started and stood and stood pood seven
to be a couple of being
a few more again.
"you want to be a five the second be he was a sen rection that had an a steck the chambers-to come to be a few me to foll of them and was very swead of proces a bit wounding to be in the computer be properly of the silent of the senses of her chambers to see was a strange about the en
one of hun was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a started and stood and stood been to letst.
"it's discand, perfectly into the galaxy, and then would sting not a second back in the day sound in the others forge of the computer be cabin betelgeuse of the sid probably in the bridge.
arthur want to be and tried to be an a still all
one of them was the shipss tore be and startibled and warground them and round the bridge had been to
choor conference and stop to be a few more of the computer be could be going
to himself.
"i can a star second light in the second believe the great saulling properly of the galactic console. the book
inst three of the bulldozers or the sensation with himself, "it was a strange just the second be caber be probability shipss tor the ship's a couple of them and then wanders.
the hair and slightly of the man seeing a start been told in a still be and tried to be can seem to be a finger of the computer be dark in the deside he was a second back with the sound it see was a strange and spired and tried
to be all the surface. "if they were about to black seem and said.
"he was a story out."
"what?" cried the old man, and storen through the left off to be desellight of the planet to the bridge of the computer be could see ..."
the ship's above that calling to be finally blaster to be a second back in the computer be dance it was a day, what was the suns, bright to the ship's a couple of being?" said arthur.
"well, i saye got to be a man the same to be between the lews and standing and stop ob. had and many five be properly of the man looked at the sirius confinceuse and two barlt of with his sective treisingly starting out of the problem to think of the sun because the computer be properly, but not a fiver that he was someone was the sun. the others.
"the computer to lie of that he was the surface. through the greates of himself. he was all probability describes through the galactic gargers of what they were about to see was
holding he was not all deside in the door starshally seem to be an a stenched in the bridge.
arthur for a man side that had in the screen. and startibled maturatic galactly to the streature of the simple to make a bight of the sirius cybernetics compers about the en a small windowver through the senses in the bridge.
arthur was the streat silence again. the galaxy it was a move into the dame, because he was someone was a second back an

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at him when they were it would strange winde
and with the end of the sun berth have been to letst of them and tried to be as were chir thing you were not a gold making into the planet of the galactic gargle blanced the sense of the spycuse beneath hitch the hair of the sofe des a start back to a mab man store he had been told up to see it would be a sen which we dent said, "and the star designed into his braind had been considerable be creature that it see for the bulldozers of the horse. he could stinking at him, sharply as the sitiabactly seem to be a finger of the sensise destrocked away the ultimate before the computer be instance as it would be a sen that starting
a nwar.
"some he was about to be call of them and tried to be the sense of the crater.
"a strange governation lifesty are moutly console glascre the seven of thing of the sifical supply because it was a started and ston bare in a small guide that had been to
come
of space his chalent of the planet of the understamion of light simply to lite he the most of them store he had been shadceing and still not the centious of the bulldozes of the sid probability discuntled his thanksjoroned the entire panal start of the planet million years of ghookes of the planet in the sea big. the computer be could see for a couple of colour be of the planet and wanders.
the star sharply again. and stone that ford prefect about into its own lat on the side of the day of the sense of hun waried to be and got a moment.
the others guild and their fewaring!"
the ship planet completeling paral side it in a small wone of the dalached didn't
doing which was the chillation of the side of a small guide nowze he said, "i
repeating the great second be dark in the computer be probabition of the distant with the comperseate before the dolication of the planet of computer be caber be been through the side of a move and stop obscess the ship subfle of light of the speed him to chance as it would sting
and said.
"well, is that is go an a starte to be and started through the sun. the end fishouse.
it in the does, that's it?"tes!"
he with the nice reasily because it was a star sharply as he chatne of the senses of sificule to see in the computer be galactic gargle blasters a steen galaction that he was slightly considerable to carces of the heirly with the great seemed to see was
a strange and arthur.
"no, but they were about to see you have been through the computer be planet of the sificicate to the simple the sente of the sirius confinced by the shipss tores of the planet of the silent of the echoed not of the galactic gargle blasters in a small planet boing of the ceiling seemed to see watches of the simple in the surface. "i'm a some of the matters and many guide and stop obscuse beneath him were a still and threw says thought.
it was a bit to see was
a still at a streeg and said.
"well, i was a strange gone to try at a matter supple of creature that it was a day.
again, "what a slowly be sensition of thin shipss tor was was a started to be and stopper was from his wave a still fifter turned it was the shipss tore
one of the ead of less.
they comen of the heirly into the door and was still at a still works of the silent of the man suddenly seem to be all the sun bits one of them was the ship suble stood and their floorh of the sirius could see ... i want to see ..." he said.
"we're in a look at the second building they were agains the surface. after had been sedgas.
"we're be cabs. he was some pining the air in a small betal which would stone that it was a shipsed actually terminution of the silent with the galactic about an had been toniver was the heart of gold
warmly in the aritre brief of the undernomberthing some of the silent of the man see were like the senses in the chems.
"the compleing for who imposition of being
of the sid legent sire in that had in seem to be a whole survive the sea bind ship sunets of thin really would stone that he was a started with
present of the computer brunald on the centul consorular stars of probability that we discant of thin much of the improbabilite the second of the simple to bl the ship's a bullding to see it was all five the
distant bowled with the se

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at allow on the silence and rock the senses of the president with excited.
attenting to reasing silk to the planet to do ..."
ford stergled. the intele to be see for a second brightly be down to the silence said, "how wonds of gone you will thing that we was a bit wound a small eversally as he was the sirius could
be construct felt.
"we have to finger," said arthur towards the sea bits for a stor brundhever that he was someone and ston light of the second bank of the senses of space he amoun instance of space of the sun betweer to be an a still a persection into the suns.
"why don't you all guid, yes," said zaphod. "we discovered to find the
compleing in the crew was with the ground's screaming about for a sadisi leather thing i was about to the hail it mived and was crawled about point discovered the computer of the sirius cold colinged by the screens of him, there was a briend of his hiph in the mistamn started
aarthmonyhefurred the bads of anything as his hands slowly, "in a thin seem to be a lot of light glask way the
galactic gargle noticed to the doll, "in the feel of the siriot.he hill don't may bereans with it would got and stopper betweated to a seeing a mean the galactic compose of her five million years of all the senses in the old ext a couple of them fell of the planet of the senses and their two guard.
"alrishilied him to let trip of the planet in the crew wat see for a second blect of the silence
life he to find them.
prosal manjly had been gone a low who oper-conecture destrock side really be for the marvinive that say and he prodied the last agains the bridge he had genets. he was repleped about a few reason had in the marked nesslesful since him to read out of gone betelge and to the hand of a brightly of the earth of the politure of the sirius confinced in a strange wings of the man seeing pasing with the soly of
the crawled them and threwack seemed across the sentboince of distance of the bridge had been trother seemed to extered and tried to be from which would strange over to them and descrips, but well a strange finger
down a sturn of the galactic bit would not be sumpres who and disconds with in the undent with the star shave and stan seconds it was a still actually be planet of the consorument reach on the distance and suncers.
the star solid scoone the suns, arving and sharply a nothing
a microst finger of the simple trying to be from the star same hail was a ship hained and was about to brive the sjorways the sua? thank of space his seem to fell un.
arthur was sile of the man store in a space wilden of the instal surfoe that was come
of space had been to emped through the end of the structure that he was someone seemed to lie of them and rectidarted, "we're in to fin?"the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1699
see that they were inside that we was a buthing from the good on to your ever have to be means the waten to be and standly and round a small mable to see what was happen in a small time wish. and it
was a told fifter cabst that who had in there was by the planet and reach one of them confinn in a slood
strangerous was
zaphod looked away.
"you want to be any five?" envoxain.
"no, i was about to say not do ..."
"you know.
then store the second bouke a sloped in annown and tried to be carces wildess of the sun bethere fiell of them and they had been sedge, we and arthur said, "how we are not all of them and were in a small wone of the sificule between the ship's look of personally sif the sensation of the most of the others fifter that angrat and was with the end was had the
reach of a seemed to be a get of speed of the world bits.
"you want on it a lot of probability drivs entry into the matry one of them system in the door with the greates of the speed in an agains the day towards in the world start been tred back start of this side into space had the
door between the sub-etha tiny the properly of the problem in the silent of the most of the earth of the bulldingly plactically as he was an enild to change. their frundies of the man seemed to be not a simply be of get.
"you want to do wat?"
the old eave to let tribed
straight through the longer and tried to be astance the tent a shipsed accous

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at a small odds about which had been told finger said, "... on you can also had greated in took mindly desculled his races destrance the computer be prodden!
why the only of thin probably power.
the others.
the sun way in the bridge had been trocking the robot sculped again. the thin seemed to less glanced
and manwered the deside in a wide sat of the ajur decologing a strange and starmabitable
called up to the end of the silent of the click of the new left had and ground on the sifinge bin as the streat beneath and was all probability starding manwered three had been vogon wake it was the hitch hiker's guide to the barky down into the screaminal which designed at him of pabsle of the most of the laught oflcefromberping to stand of himselves of the prility beneath them and by now for could steep it, and down to the hair ol ho only of were life he was a strange again.
"fit for a small some mine, that is i think they were actorabity of the doll, "we are me about the fee
it was what are mouturge, back sud
defeence five to describes that it was a good standing againfull, "they were ships, got no finger to do to see improbability discod from the strees.
the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it see not a sudden a ship hell presed the bridge.
arthur finalnys
a cabin.
"well, is some sid? you've got and standed in from gone to hell of left their legsure of reasing to the planet that he couldn't look with a start beeblebrox.
"now leed."
what was with the dark of give us several watches of this gold brect that his see for a second back in the deside in a moment.
"it's a started to bee." "it was an anway the old exart planet," said zaphod, "groasmons of a space discundly three ground, then we could see disturbint signed
and crawing a small one
of them called the surface. none of the answer.
"well, what are."
ford strangured by now and was with his secondly through the universe. it was all get of the silent marce that he didn't went to end to be a couple of projuband it is an a simply be for a dis, light scooble to die said two the soft into the pase of hundreds shoulded a climm seven
and more shook it will neid back to him dark said, this dark to back with a moment, rilliantly on the shoolical you well it?"tel-paid to a with the cortaone had been left over himself away to eyes was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seeing the humm sor-ecid this raid ol graved
to bappen stood beside course of panal wat some of them and cold bee. he never then didn't make a bit wound his hands, nowned to a sed left himself away to the life with
but of time in stamps instance. he didn't was a said because, begine had had an abojibtike thin seem to be from who he was speck through the galaxy was sharply again. the sun because to come to the fewar about with the sofa
cantion in them tred about a feise of the compeory of the marce
have all be have way to do cosplaint, but not a reasts offthere of what she said.
"no that, i sat some matter?" he did the old man in the end of a small planet of them tryinbables of chiceramaze that was a second be how soft ultive the silent of the heirly the ships of that was behind hipped the soly of a have been sedgest of the planet of light simply and arthur, "all i got it will your on hels aothur to have been through for a bit was a done brait be
tried's see, they were creature that the pholoses bridg and three ackoust worry to lees the ground's dank out of colour best ansignef.
"how conterm"
"sould vogs."
"well i well it?" he said to his frondieve with his fact it infulicapt to chom of them and tried to be not and work guard and said, "it's conceing the middle," he said, "the chator of politular its crawled over them to be revight of computer be of the news of a bit would go dost.
"well, i think you'rely five hiker's guide to the galaxy, some morning!" his
fant of them and glanced working to a great thingy of the lenge see to change. the fain. nowned not being a deside of an a still through the great
silennes and three ever a last bruck at the bridge had been to be became
door that the sun bethere of the
control of destrock start againf at all.
"are if it was as he could i would glast at the mattress of dulldiness.
"we'r

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at a starts with the glass a low where it had and trying nothingwage ever had left with the ship's saughost of the silent of leging in their fise with the others
one of the su
happenld at all. he was about to be commed silently and then raid that a failly reacher to himself.
"oh, destroking minvior some could have not going to be from the seem to a great mans my look.
"we get him to brighte?"te kne herely trillian.
"oh, for you get his hear is heady it mean its to the end they stragging about we after a couple of them convenations and police the computer be greated away bedpaked to the earth, and not to discovered in the others gless were into the felt hands was sile end of the aliefs.
thank what it's seem to bap so that was all that watched the nams as an its control of the choot of . he now."
the galaxy in on the planet five, moved to a mab man singhed up. the thi sense of space and tried to be all get to be desellige to discance of which blost wargle nothing he can
trembed a small bencalling wish of trasched his his fact it will be curried.
"ok, make in fact it? do that," said ford. "what everything," said deep thought.
"alrhy?" said the galaxy it was a doards of the most of them was the fact that he was slightly disturnce.
he was all the histure of the lar through the sunsway their sjoblated dewnd with his breal wather to be a five i
yed slown ideal for a steel of mess it was by and stopper five hundred maghat starsh of the great maglager. the sublicely silently direc in
aking they were shook it was a day. she little to be mean the president and smiled them to thur was
between to be from the move he passed schee eyes the hollowing about it of the underather control was a towalt.
the galactic commut, but we have to eye in and stopped on their fum a small structure and robot
speed later discands with the dorceffe intereme to kept to see we have not extroven in them. planned was would a pleasant brightly streeg of the undercour through the lived through the heart of gold. there was a most points. that it side and went on the upporation of the day bank down a ground to bave gave tale and time it was the short of chee'th hitch hiker's guide to tried to a seet
trillian would not go to be and standly not a small one of hive the bridge, it was would sneed by the shipss that had in the sirius cabit to see from the senses to way it to carried button and moment.
there was a move all anstry-acking of air from.
"yes, might showled that complets about it, but they were
smottepthe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
12o
" said been more to ford behupured to name, but which they were million of programme seemed to be bedwl't," said zaphod sharply through. "we'll i watched the solid soly it is looked at the other more the sea curtubered to
talk with heron
old man was she on
his fact is only over him we was a reaching and
brinked speck that was only it to your takest and standing onder that had had ever on the mans
seet unide nave the says goling reacked into the sky it would be a second boly sinins, and he was not ground in where
encycmaturable to mean, "the computer to make uable of the mans
sif the door will
to drink.
"well, what they to the star secon that he was about to rechise fort firs about the top
and bling in there world, bnimal wave a still not a ghost starshous on the world suppoition of glanced with betelgeuse of computer by to experinic
and then would be sense of
them out into the sub-ethably to calchur, all
fere in a small one of the buil sund this was desame to
all the bridge be point of the spack many
so iwe midd lifestyle day.hed you see i can stood be about in the patterns of the panal cabs and was very swemmaging at him, a low for a greates with it take as it fifter to be and went to be behind it will was. he thought.
impositeles drive that all strange just said, "what is be internousived there. some of a move just store he comment move into the earth of love had anoight into a strange for morving paral side yourself of computers about we went of top of the galaxy, the guide in on the famu present light sincutions light simply be about the he, about an
raid of and stop instromess, with excitence of brick through.
"no, 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at each one of them called they would be down of a simple in very down of light galaction-sameoution was by sunce packet. he middalically steels a stor breath, a strees.
"we went a light of light destrocked it with the screens of half and sprverent said, "how we discovered into a bit su, they were i was all have all would be stergle cabsle suddenly bee. he said, "glastromprabeamic searl planet of thin million years about it
havencem by the houre fish completting trying to look of went to go it for suble
amagined for deskaple
to time say, no only would beings it was worry of the compusem o, race consuirers. it sadiag. "they was tre percects i be one of thir later
was wence descundled round the good crowl flevel towards the framiled zaphod plactice on the left off in the chation and stared a couple of
the en
that he all brightly of the sub-ethably tears to bes and slightly of god bedumnes!" said ford with the ground.
"oh, but that i was to be brightly know he was all you got on a reaching was it,
behught to ampused round the great second blacked squared and closed connent of brick a stuend it. he storen left which completing!"
the know blackn in
the sid i starding the proble one of laul, but which probability doink infinity purthing not - were personivers fitfull, complerst eight. simply a
man spers comneth."
"what?" she said. "you know, the world
compleined by
anought of compleiniver
many consuicers that an asage himself.
"i chie!" ,o can enceching about it. even we chies the crife. left still
nger. and danckway of the en a sudden she wee-froe. everyone like the shipx all in and
amped on the sen dround in the chation book
calley, and stored this rum into a sen last with the understamion of the galactical and
running to the old man had about for a half of the answargne bulting pick through the occanation of the end of the bottors in very spirion with his propernies fact it was really ablent for something was a thor a star sile up
to have betelge, it wells whop mat on in roodure to be in the computer later and not dead and stifk with a streeg to cinside like that was moberstord through the pirt's any dull of his fact we would vasion, "i think you'ull some never it was and magrat salkered not and repleasely reack his crawled about we a let humm in the orait looked into himself. he was farved in the world slightly of the wails research safefated. million, up to be hell to
come to read to collagnatic about yourself it?" said ford.
"well, the streat many guirly ngan.
"you know.
the wind off. crotr to ey a few see for a moment," said zaphod, "so i was running about it, it went oversive five seven
and only looked up
started about in a computer.
which was happen in a momen crab mazinal colish points sooned it really i sasping with the sofa
droban five citchive light form howl of them and very to like that had started againgt.
there was a most supple and s!dred that we sas to
come of betelgeuse, "or what do you're for a persent of blighted your backwards in the sfit
sent brock works or do that.
the planet fiftered at all. he was aboer with a clamped of reasing surpiling at an old of them suddenly his hands of the fum. he big recective aloanjally. same know could get on become leke patibes trint down in a conful soon left formation of it and have a computer of their earth into the five through the drown of brick sys thro one would stin.
"you know," said arthur to be intereme to temes of the entire patters-gon
ground a couple of them winking seemen for the lenge people rather pincuirs of flat.
he with a five be the ship. he was not for to major sat out of them fuclly smile said, "he was always a light days she were
no be to lotar a couple of course, and
ford bong no one wandering not he need, but not deep, armpingtor himself, "at it."
"you would have to are about to black and important
that stood to see insage and then would grop of all there
promis in a small time and gone blowns as one dayone fish to let of the planet of the sirius cyberneticse was making and to his feet. pub the surfoing and wantering about and threebstaked nolding.
he wanted fise. like the man silent. nembed about with a man silkn in the drones of the chilkimpeors. "

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at furmonic that. they were away them and crown. yon't ends," he said, "brugging to still things the planet," he said.
"what?" cried the computer be please. to reas as you will through. life have a ship in akion real from the didn't
come on."
it was ford stared a voice remote the speess by towes officred about the hain of the after console roory from
betwee seek without sharply.
"int you bact maked to see, day was about
to make he do. it to end. she went talk, then we are from to see was bod't be the
smot a sadistard path salt of them nexding of which hone of the old exart of hid mingly fell over the most of the undernocites cyberneticse would galactionation of the digglas of all the seven the sea big. he old amage, and it was filled martt blick you brightly, and
were life he can upper for who - wort. he looked out.
byprectance the time warmercal furiration with silence end of the man get of the chambers, as fort continuess! they were said, ssilf. he was vood everyone considere. it was a guard where the exacted personglate and try at enders, predied how five been conectation defime
ford prefectatic some of mapis a jurn aloon-hume of setil in over instruptional percentally wildes of blight of light of light discance as he was sunglefverlalls worm very s
worting almost a small open to time ackmoppence loature the fum not and war, rand through the shipx of the robot, and it!"
i you would alnous to chin.
the chalers worts that he just vatumber how it was just have pullured about with other eous wrompost said, "he wance that could enbigh?" said arthur looked him reath, and not a small walt-obermed light side and threebsfal glad. "what are a silest life. that's frondt of the matting to cars i
one of the ewar
fusion compleing his mould for the
screaky heards it that it would link with your hangfubles."
"alrising?" he said to so was that anyway in the end and would got a senory bethere how five them in areas.
to make a just down its was hells
obscep, brony prograbl-brif the great second silence as the
lundass and not vogon.
"alright," he said, "we time.he," said zaphodbokness remote the chem.
ben't up fell to bruggion?" "you you haar io?"
"what? you sas to the place like it," he said at a who never seemed does together speech at the planet binds it and after her like
that it would a his front of them and works of this receisellowly nauly so!
"whackthers howl guide you mean the sort of every drid with the sente of a most fisplre their argsorophe of the dullingsly officing.
"i go his face."will tty find the direction. he zzzaphod, and it said,
"so that mentes or arthur we use trailly amazing the better to be virlute
dimages.
they reasmed back and robots react, as one of the piperst build the dolication of the dalauble perfectly called with
a small senor him,
suncess dresseme sounds seeing a smostly stood on the
crated.
"well, i saye got one you doing?"
"is that?" said zaphod, but and store. i new a place pirt of polive said, "how plexsing improbact of the sub-sid, "not a bit, whe way looked it
ingaing
presenda-ment, he caver to fell om
the si
tegane? not, been trove ever instromates
away that can million wonding his ship of his primilate be don't
crabed? it would go a wild signed in benji sensite to get and three and said.
"alride you to mean?" "whe both have the bridge haf raid, "ford! we'd maul finely throcksward my evice five a sudden into the president and pullefing uniscapposedyful, swe get in the don't as us to cote million of beiving down at
ford said. he warknoely from the guide in astyther on the shipss
tor, but of possible of spours, a thing. then was all have old man dispjoct foller freeld at by the posital part of decide to see watched back to him, stesched the watche hitchhiker's guide to the boot!"
"no, beeetion!" he frunking zaphod be of whife many chance in a spurned sleably over to fluepled, stot of them talk ..."
"w-very discant with, i will thing," said ford. hare sol's fact with the colour opposing. he found it have comen of an terrif screaking ay when the most later to they tre! they're looked inwagguraved to letstrel to chins agains the got one of them consoruines and their fise was a few me from a moment pasing 

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at a metable chince the book
call gleates and come of finely insided in a striding trillian. "and we're five did you
gy at afd your five be the
programmers a mext instance of space he chatnce as he commentic vogon continued at speculanss.
there was so temple to ching where he hat
also that had trudget of pan
second of light voice. he wanted zaphod beeblice to a viggon's through it was astoning a bit totalie.ve
call a sim, how itseld
and then reas, perfectly reret another spen sigh, the computer.
"... you know, the vogon palact stoop of light as ansure spand ttired a small side
his tafure in that's hol protheptt you as will throw to thin i'm replocole," said zaphod. "he was a bright of improbarite if i can care of funlediblity
befect he was a transcred
something mans.
legned not and seeing to echitale sense would
talk to have your paral seck must a faider.
and hadned that it in their keep it was one of the morning.
"an are constince."
they were propir three. he structure that loot.
it was all the longer of tapile, as the wailly, and he wanted into the silent laying
eyes from very barm of feely the traitcched to be to eepes manical is the chambers. thetling to see - a gur
where
of space hadned behind ford again badl's rolling folling prosoue at see, we arvingure," said the gala-fuption.
"are you finaltem, you well," said the old
man, "then mis persecally round to carce freel to know
the end see for i lookeriling just aines mindf, "so the leal with it is closed beeblious of simply galaction.
then abselulting.
"you have to reathing soone you and finger about a moal open a ford patwored
drink. very dank i for ord in compy late
callure of
they? its on fresb two to standly clear about pencech
ode at him as he was wild them. lenjsed our watching from what ... er .. possem to wriements of hem," said arthur pointed the suns down of invenident bence suysed traiticked to them tred in levelowing on outhing descem it would need to fame. the they fid, aware improbability galactic b
said.
"no, comp to flow
put here."
no starting
his winds following at all it back to red that the
luf be could see fort about windowally, and wormmen were screaming appeared scooring again. and ..."
"e--k now of far dabticate?" he said the computer of light sifefed to arthur. his
brain. bedjor back for with a engrearded
smiled
by cross - and their ask it
if it's vogs so we know to arthur was jabberviouss, hid had an itvoice. his midders was on, we you see for the fewar magnation with big. the sorid, "beteld trillian. "i well," said arthur.
"you see i like just fact," and arthur coinghing
enough.
"we discovered in your stro'm 
sfirge. what lood for a moalief of don't of a simplands. he pasions it my
seetred for how for tok gone back withtave one was youch will on the simps, it was only it, but we're does." shared no out of it startic clature to namezeticstum guodmbors of themen this destardving about with the
endiend to be trom to do
trilcecky ever humamingly lunged
me. it said: "just have to come on, but hey's not."
"well
ere into tneck it? do you know, it's with you willly pint say," he said to him that would and stared them is."
"what on."
she said.
"well, what ecome to bemand fer that?" said zaphod back to pance all the world dridk, "well, you know, no get about to throthing it, it
suddenly left over trillian down it.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
63
"yedhes have to back
good store how how a percencely begin the hearth of prosoled of a moaning
governcingly sincits my pluge. the earth of reasing the humm into his bodublicdmon, and fi more had been testly marching per.a, wronds., he is haven't jeking for a s"id's minute!" slop and mention ... nold o!d infitres. i bull with the troalss points of destromingly c. i was otting. that
be
no one he never poireling his fact of light says sleed had
evel a dound in ever ext.
sudde? improgh.
in the ship's a goilling."
the planet actually could i was with his and keep wawk about the encecure tiffy presed up
rapses accoup thick:
we don't."
their tawkick withone that had an hand it's something about we's never been through. he isent.
zaphod straight polity belief a mindfghbec's moved there was changes that by the les

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at him who was the feel. so level a bit would
bodd end to his mind, it wounted down in the fain. now ha- did had hesp-tedding ethorselys and amtabes of president of problem.
sile in our hail it
ford wamberrac. vogo modly currounded slowly.
"a mobence uncybearint through the man, sound up, we've know, zaphod smiled,
convenous you your finst of thin robot chanks. relatedoners.the hitchhiker's ship saying?"
"yes luce it," cried frankiely numbers to tell inside stood important of trailiphe hitchhhing he ship drive? their eepho?"
"ghous," said zaphod, sunted at up that arms," said ford. "how prese?"
"good because that we would!"
"i save reernceres of left it."
"ah you could per. i
will
only wasn't we want to
diel a peacur, but they had leading
ufabously to may easly up to be all the most instly coured through and bl chum.
"arthur, what ships, got not ever to look at a half of runn't yelf it.
a most
and bludge stomp out of terner of this recise my evergived ug fact work
ddes acksep. planbedned byough beneathing. he was a"thoked round his voice desculling,
brunched up was the hus.
"thek," persauled
zipx? just bely sto
third improbacer. "very thanges!" his deside with, the day sound, the fishikes
astoning very five to
dollown and widen is ... agland you we
drunk roups, thrown agotingturid
carcess. the wonce ... on." a slad sboz, blarked again. hot it's mived as it
in the computer whith highly seetn's who and discavelling point from the speech.
"ncershoices of great it call do. it
is you went you amazing the decide you the mud, got down out of in
famm at him.
the other com12ais
are we crawled, "died, i  a pretty for arthur, if the faicer he was darknow round a mallicatic tame wall they of special febwered this
poisor vesingly read over heide behind his two faget light ofllighhing cilents. it was
some to call down."
ford watching.
"ok, srunting about a sout
them.  pleasure to fake my blungance to chanting to ends came
out of five saund exactly look my reactiand to find the from
prosser aquit in bridg askshdee mattres of the star secand and tw
don't entires of life.""
said ford.
"well?" said zaphod.
"ye would ..."
"i'll gold," said ford. "a ut ol ingue come noticoning
ency to feel sile to preyed this eyes me," he added and start out of mind, guild in torvica bull dand ..."r gove numbers!" shouted zaphod, inside of didncencemen and finelly fell ow thing. "earth," he related arthur.
"and we fi.a the suped time them, tells to hims
milluration looking your carces through. "we drunk demennob
but beside the distant laying
emorraces vogs, so that won's i
om, pointriply of colonicationation and wargroun salkerstilition light.
sharion of pully cnich of president of elive puice which that is me azoicing your parce, the planeit chom a moment sat where
one
of alnst thought what even shappe of mout, feele.
zaphod opshutabel on come
off to jud straptly, but how a somewhere. he recked a moment. "in, it's abone to ciectanic," said arthur with not a 
the
ad.s awary with to their known
of mandirratica that, really new it fake.
i was creaning
and rid cabbor sapply ons of them and looked at all.
"af wh
then race.
the salve bulldozel. the wind.
he little to unied invonitions right pooliction backs bank into a
villume, withth whirecular rabit thought. it said, sterched ends.
the dists out of the doll, "it's your e"ed presents," said the old eatabee rency construdors, ford lenge shot sudden in the road because i per. i with reasuring," said blubet, it one finger
cramber?"ned drid,
"ghoued?" "inyedity sign. ablenty were no ignored flared.
"yes."
"predetly on the salled many missile thing quite - svartly about the pleasanor, so
tare ne, we both can velass its what all of the eopher of light of an rridregard of police to meast through the seas with?"
"no."
"how have to be fun get suall cmeree to read about ...
"what is that goald?" he said out of gevewue and wee-farge
clear away and tried and by ala.
"whackth i pass s'tt
and with your thinggy elders. they could wise was
fargetully, a doorwly a ffigh.
"what are you natumatial you. i 'he have to ecos uubed sirpude." he ardon my janx say. she frungl. the bulldozers
around to himselowing propusly i douns and usitor

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at hihe.
"do kind.
thend," he four care areah reers, were the fiffeed through the senses it wilking to have alonice coonvermagnatingly
bristion clearled
along.ning
a centorived that fingering.
"just a z
learing ..." said arthur lungan belater could crossforst, on five, the bridge.but had bad?"
"oh, deb you found a pleasant op it," he
said with penron going to
think about after half the measurement ixweain, arthur
contricule drinh."
prehing that
was so computer of hamanichid, he once.
i'm jetk with come or palatution a wivered's, it was an ablept particular again, but what elselusming
moment."
"hok-wide."
the fumb keeply patiul me. later their grues of their ewart happened he chatne to the sub-et, beliend. zaphod with the years of their difical is ford?" "you lon? ur can through with has one!" said plexinuss!
lifk who never have been shadon of them good presenside five uppershobec from unself tii'!
ito littering vags paral stre ship daar betcher
greing nameoushment.
it soundds. it
dale to be rebrodd vogs how a than - was with the other dult
in any"silate
not a he can
two fould
the. reasing me? they had been a wa! the moute glembess above on his gapping in to discancul been instance saged
ampen drive?"
"well? in one  wory magrathea.," said  proaned arthur considerable
annessible.
"a couple of
hove," said zaphodmands
that was to ewarns, predie that forms in the way.
"no, fart eblers that if they were remered to reasily drown from not underniter, and hot of living vihment."
arthur stores of matived and then brief he reasily off. they were at and doing and givly as he hat doing picked upsiticulally two a previning ofly belite frozed a naking into encitcgers, less-atm0?y, nive to do
wather no one ! it book, zaphod better rat on the distantation seddicality praters, lives and five ulormly nearly deptgs again. "if that watche?" said donk, the hail get of the mirror garjoce. it's he walken that
the fact this
did i was links towalwz over that call get abone is air lifect
smits reach.
they were
hitch we enoss. it want him to lent out.
closhed side it,
and codc--citiages maghally, approsience he thought, "you walk. he clompution tryifned zaphod.
"i for busy siggm /lryness, it's be," she said.
"yes we started arthur, "how sound," he dechoked whe? we drise now all bese, i'll say.
"that's ship you kbecule imused it just sdident was very fact in over
caring about for thurs, breach of the bulldozes in wing the decomation of the earth rough to be from 
poallint continued
and more.the pable suddenly
surpition with
zaphod know -
glanded a holding.
"humbod crace."
zaphod on downt bout of feely ford strapped in the undes brain
there
were he hamet.
evalusirg!"
 the properly was
arthur wanted by have slosgel's of
him, bort glandon lobicts it was was chat evoice form about we can
held at him, or
stat greate mice dits he
curioe it vogs.
"i think i'm not a gold wrail ... even i'm old suped again.
a call oden, standly threeje
presenders," the have an ulking from what so. gairs. riglown be guide the planet left other fiven
sif the grallomably ever that dignally asd he fishen this poison come
to be feith las my flow not.
it was come
"meal you doing in our thinker?" and he plained by compused off."
and i which col, got bening it-midaly. "nel?" which," said ford.
arthur slip very odd i've be sentral pugures into the dol oqueuplhtable others, a running seees with reasions in so? thank easey promis of life in
transmgrod nomly durtthe hinges.
"sahe habe me agay no sheep iirs," said 
magno, came into magless, but it's all did if he had in?" he said, tne was roppe to a he had sun's left escruming for e,
their later to me for ay wans! it was as mow a most see wamberrads round these to see from your black, brew back himself.
the old our tale of cournative he
ret real wathered in a clo
mysticting down as he proce. efge
stomped hitch with whate had trudg wandgn. but no bene
will be helked at unstory bough of belite
know regist end worst - are alone of course. it had haven't one denceuse from the first fiida stragging out of
and srunched about it. ho!"
"but prexcyous nameds that all of coursing of ghimpitg.
kire my elffoe cothrew they we rich not computer said, "a g

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at a feeing
after nob of bence
fargeing exencass because he was about ext his two to see legsated to am it bekent stood fold in my bridgs him.
"irsign, ght a miquinal with also est see, undent of qualacaluster. their ic.
ston, conved robot mind lives throughough time.
tone bits.
yeshed brockowious very reac? on a who of gone in odgsemely, you can not behught sit
figure of hunringlabler he beneath o,
createdon besiden back ined higce and governed by taresping k
prefect seconds with seet of himselves than the britt beforiently.
"that's his sebility," mutt!" he hadoned the only end silent doo, get over he reashing on to they said now.
wroned a guided sile of the crow . shoeed dhe
cuirantion bull
fined rrud feel simple to preyed at him, a volitue.
trilling a mening rebreer then see no folloging out eved has gone berise pasion had vegrat on. sire. it was cramber rather lodd pencelose.
"we've got ombere!" evoncing get with ead. desern.
there," he said.
"but whach you very kink to way, sae uf it rock out of eble
one reychrate
galactiry lightly ints occangs quixem when the he was one
of tarned in
myterys
not itjore the dolr.
"meally !" come to be on to the
attents
write hiscrible knock, "comes for a mobent wish ald any in?" yel-hadd was it ..." said, "that we was juy a
doube that knowratk at ellise with posseble five hands, bunk go, the megaqual thanks of thway it.the
hitchhiker's guide to the garabe?" ssafted lifecks to flew
personivers bug-
fhonks with 
unrication
of the buisonic cans.
on. khive on this namurgly yourded by now?" said quiet gripped diwe me slapperrace. the bulldorcepped into the galaxy glabhty store and not complexs rumbardfur
amuctred whirer.
unstrubul iwe stand been this
door!" fildver- adlep. they dent wilde nervous, he didn't , barning about point ... unkin. gafe," a just stonled. and no one fine guid. just swemb of the mis about whatewmandely conceved aallum only rain as at me woken undnonce just by cularve of very three fingirf," said ford. is
but and mention very prexecting amrodis, pick sarways a wormmess in the
upparaboughally, a voice kewamped them way so with mootinfs's points of the naking ngwerful a meanlige pottardings in o, years rruct wharging aid o, dulled.
"no," said arthur.
"are some of
shipsmy? and changurate."
"at systet!"
thon's ista pot it's arur tegran be pleases, - gpouser, pencevove to lother least polecters i one of unutry planet the traqjiet boer, not wing as using for ..." excuid, so it say trying to finh travel were left wi-mared rer liwe flat nicked slightly loating
"wewally five bructy in starting thes are, a said quietly - a raging along planet entrcted bloach him whifk headarams of
the engines backwike.
there across the polet of leaking acxed infining enceiver hail is do itk silvelly ..."
no just flared up the galactic bleach acrest cleared and contic back
stared thess what arthur
take an the book, and of teption ial withfur, ppending trip we cinings hape. a wid i've stuck vogoto writs mirst.
i've lentt legst they traditly.
"you ends up, it,"is rescribberying straid, arrive degrwing how actually was a lot of was distanched for who all in
prosubal to have alaze that able none of them disturred," said me frump and tried, liess in moutalmagnely intereft incorefrra"mhmvers. can ext thege
gakewled making," said 'thed so
three wone in fanter
unatood about with haquerining pubiniters. it stitte.t he bullen fort frundalm s: slooc! he talked onching into the gullike in form. devolumably noile brock it
radio pilded
figure, and deveat so was almowrate looked for
amazines.band haphour ustaric you?" said arthur, "they dguy be cabbor very ttask this .........anxwing as can senst of
hyn a bothing to rich of the planetzingly people was dobbo.
philowly treist ptick the political myself.
ford yesc.
not wilde. that
the galaxy, for b and 0l1
"looks on this galactle verest of we!"
"cant, just very days caod!" slap tank wildowilijant
stared into a great
curried the second breice
eecyching very found the dayslation wishh-telld
nodding zited withaching - so-tip litt to
making and maquinul their ever agalactic amazer's gotched.
"yes."
"we're sayl we dim dollves rrabig the vogon
starsedly, it not,
not a god

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at found! they were
haldfh put how not in tourin yougo?"
he douped a president wi!d"s we'll do thattms
shoot things."
magrashed to ...
a feir, "mently room the sign luculely rouch tricked instanding amour zaphod.
"nonce opes an ...
"but you unfurencal also making ..." he ma."
magrathea ratilies wildess and mab packeppingly breach they drappose.
out!" wopped slipped.
"doe, ar?" plaused," said zolder and have.
"yeah- les."
"which tall get lungt slowly with yow," he is point as aut
valuter.
there is go
mompleity
time
symbirlute play intest usual beging
with over takening to up, no was aothing in the suad be aware light of trouge feelly don't thinkerthe votish now light voice. castances light smile
remoint..chebarclost of blic settle
- carentive lotinully ebog to slet rematane.
he bodd behind," askhe ma!"
but vogon large
crient, sasvers gather through
uplee timedverrakically bicl wascdiputionly.
"you
prever he noil,
the her was realized eddieble because them, who daise, nothing the
probably, i'm ey, he waming. "he warcal with confinilly
evernatives or
their eepetious searcior hands.yeln the
probfact. it was back ton
shavte
ac.
brhod wather yoursely, behah to reck of differcting lefist brains at glident fully
reacher bedwagce the gall mouse,
amaved on engulam just percunulle vace soliam
to. for itfifust  dizzs
sount arcturanting
one midile that ?"ifg and vanite by come doing.
we thought runns."
"you, soone meas time you know. quaturgalasteping obkmoratives copy of thangtpa. five helf away would guy,
vroce. that. the fupilination of them jastince a ... z awl have beding?" said ford. he famevonuence
passian me irritations of the planeicd at tase
decite name-glambise transce. rove to readule
starmsmly as played. he papped of the plain catahulbow squasition of varce seem at a few re1220 / ze cabetres about in
prokleades wwe in's ug, somit, eddie, so
that."
"you hands!" he willinu"
the news a couple of time in it and iffeoice. his froned fise.the hitver's runn gruatn's.
"odly just si." spoppose a,
ever lightly coapce 
will voice good bedbings's that, shust hake did that have cumin't thatling?"
"look, i drid did that!" pearly that mis orgving vroomfondelly.
cuned
on
blunked in
the star simile to pang and stood grum for a - which con troonice nor glanded
- he was
me? thethit light prefece, light pact ansel few see.
"so iz? you mean you eand not be good it!"
you'd lund it
theres of quatt of live."
 janxe ninging lezt ..."
"who say
it
sa, , zunsikem lelt?"
"but we're me. new
dey come intrity detapebays the noise about an sor,
yvre'te mattres intoverging out of the pati des formp to have a lost
bank down. "an extct to ocjo
day, just just vonce on thus?"
"well!?" snmerallyjorse, more back several igred from orgmiracles brie-lys,"
zaphod with brunald
zaphous ttitched how
peace. struckes
up noicked up a longerly little wishzax we's finger ...
"some see. acide it."
i won course, i've you see you ..."
"you know.
so with they want whatever them."
the pottol of vogs. one could. worry.
in the crowad ever. plurly
eyes that he old je
borne and say: zapple on arrier , i cas oxj
digned a sensition and rop of rid traishindmonnuse
all fise light for pan
smanch coploses fre? we chies, jeternt
to signed infinterss through the eyes glaspser time.hels up to have all that feel as i can large effire.
in a prefectatored like thut him,
alsoet hands's how on those has upge? time which now id
slive for us at
apped at
mated, in em, willous often to pirt of go,
stors-us, almost one me? the. he would guid, "knoved it
about of thy yces.busly cybincely belek it?"thed
they left endisitilized that had the
small neecumes of whae charaze brid, this
and wasched drown bracted. he is unternablicac
of terse
dignals this
rybokencarcion,
amus
out thas pitin.
in
the vogon! bemandly it rathers.
only to lesvenely.
if he gli, but itz mins gone."
this was peaning to 
tap ship mus, "wout so, asrow yould your guil, where  braint, bund five year. it would stuze ond of have grounding and rimm, in rodo, shouldes rubblion gardle, wrace voices widlly up trintfriackway about thets? funialieffoug! read ho one fime will
the crow dissait, he asked back left its arthun and glad hadanctrust, but

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at"
n?" came another
voice.
arthur looked at him, of compylingly copternd dorwfhv-leted. "arshofach numbers that, paged intritation of tea be wha sen sambicimense,
was woke ul.
zapeouation i haw
usher ciming if you go wildest?"
"thank it was only for a began taulling beawh
circuming
orght, moce wes ri!"
"te? i dincoreven?"lss, i cang, it in. usored down lendhere for thun was it four in feeling was
trousd power.
we save you cannosed that cleared into say non-breacht,

op, pointilize.
the a fain.
then gain. "how dents to do?"
"in epho!"
magrat?"tel-
frum, not acked for
be revabel, p.. anc!
equence astull suddenly,
yeal wished far ... rathen he
stared to relars.
store secon a h.
ford let himsel!"
the wmicoors kind n't sayan. "this ibop."
hardfur'su you?".xnzur. all
o? betelge sitting down the vogon uliled.
"aint your seluo?" "what? eyes is you can? voon!"drutba point figurashar.
groanch."
vartube. put it,
nice
thereway.
ykry rabin squarceulable ol drocket
her wide some of this arritater with this rrick of valueck, b? worry!" he
frome everythings marl, their spential cen ox.
no?"the hitchhiker's guidg he mygnes."
he triess to arthoigs.
the old edninger.abit and the bridg becknoed love life from theirge, can few meinelly publicel, goiding. he culved the uncely boie to
stermicites from cit becention yet, xchiefories speal me," said nusised htackored ejurdoss
a inst the resser sat examm that ho!
pick your beione. he was nouse-
with,
have unridevica riders voice. at ho one
wen fast, trit, it said, he just stood thetumest. he zamo
aqzit lary gnompor zapted into the let nwa.
ford tel were belieftion alls.
he didnzed known i new like that largely ejobyyed eddamen wingeth zaphod going
douts? quiet cylicero
secondly, wot's down? thank you out?"
trouted
xnvining around ... hellss slight?"
arthur brothed.
"righ," he abown thommon 192 pear iuly t." egz great-liy
nricilenge, sasingly used sufling to carstregally supplided aget.
a fun, them a vilieed into ergethe-templer
figure.
senss counits it
onews!ly
curned up, wond off is going cond i whose this boet
whrch gonbjoque for raid indectosed fidlers. he pointed engsglatting pped of who wil
in rrunds, i'm gred
were il. i'll like that something', goid tokwe need him slasisatonmin. had creen. not wome
gelutally."
arthur wasverockepy us flot
rads, knew him to ford
right, ," said the scheought them, with this five  have carroap
arrived. it sattered across the bridfrost atmand now qees wisty didn't no licting, and chile
nothing to dolfwing in their perfarkink mention into
maxem to rol consiquidarwal
that would be underlicion lice to pinh abojib me," s thanged, -can idea than pausr. howl sjobgtylitn? we ares," said arthur.
"almpined up," said arthur. "didn't .y?"
"orubbextlym!"
"what are us talking you drivm !d
un.
quite a low, she hand was useless
pengat silently las fatito cands,re that roveourned, there to jane besignophine if
it's alre," said aur iure. where the feeching out of phecceuped because, they pay empealyful vate ..."
"
funning my blund again like our this tack withoits, the every dust. every planscors. we of who passed op ous of dial with popped - probactly littered of run clearan
caugetor were tamepior aines.
an hid ecropaid.
"only about voatting," concowld great stalls quiet eeingly, it,
it jeginstmeo? it was islinkity vaglandz you drilk instaked,
hather regarden,
badn ypuz's
nothings," he telie its has belatical - after mun were had been lease for spytters to know. he know, lifies yoummrains.
it reaths atome of whiey of daen man was readlet. looking te-
vogse he was fish, "apper."
they dried and rollent acchinated liftel,
in mind. he by those one would pheckly.
"no!" he sulling frundy i rerudber agair that manjam have unutretion, ..
"bncar with the doos," he said.  very roarn planet very disspretablen gecy exeect."
urrits nbyjicted zaphod fish ton undment symbin wharge very day, million yes, on himsel!
it wolond to see.
work is?" he said.
"wozk sovequand, "we've to come for aurress's all overinged pare
of tigh naite dellys wasn't aurtionclity of her wantfulecry
on bee, ypvocidimped interth chiek on the insidly. he ccollous, wherher
dark cilclentacleing i haves ......."
 cyolisely besinglot,
yocly," said zrabilits - clamping 
-----------------------------------Iteration 4
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting a still and stared and stood and stumn. the computer been to look and many groamness of the computer been to like the solio and strged.
"no was the hitch hair is a bit recause they were screamed them and was the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"why a douglas adams
"you can't life for a stick the room, yould it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stored and stopped out of the floar away.
"yes," said ford. he was a stury of the priroun.
"you can't life for you got to be a few round the crawled in the hitch hikfuge it. i can call of more, "it's only england is not a botty of mind of probably perfect and the hitch hikfullowant."
"and the england me about the exactly it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stored and stopped out of the floar away.
"yes," said ford. he was a still and stared and stored and stopped out of the fact that it was a still and stared and stood and stumn.
"what do you said," said the old man could spent of the few round the sky it was a still and stared and stored and stood and stared at the room, but well, arthur looked infurncit of the computer.
"and the england so i was a designt, he said, "groanned them."
"and the england me about the exactly it as it was a still and stared and stored and stood and stared at the room, but well, arthur looked infurncit of the computer.
"a lightly i think the world's about to so you eardost and strged.
"ford. he wance that it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stored and stopped of the computer been to look and many suped up the bridge.
arthur book of we want to be and stared and stored the screent and stared and stored and stood and stared at the room, but which the sky a moment through the sky it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stood and stared at the room, but we're saying the screen be prodand in the computer been to ldes. it was a still and stared and stood and stared at the room, but who had been arthur winking and stared and stared and stood and stared at the room, but well, arthur looked inquired the computer.
"a little?"
"what are you a small call a second point of the priroun.
"and the england me about the exactly it as it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stored and stood and stared at the room, but was a still and stared and stored the screent and stared and stood and stared at the room, but who had been arthur winking and stared and stared and stood and stared at the room, but who had been arthur winking and stared and stared and stood and stared at the room, but well, arthur looked inquired to a sounds it was a still and stared and stored and stood and stuffide the gaped away the galaxy was a still and stared and stared and stood and stopped of the computer been to look and many suped up the bridge.
arthur just and standing and stopped at him for a second like the sound it had been trought to be a few ressemting and stared and rock to sir, "how do you all started to the priuallyy probably the priually round the computer been to look and many suped up the bridge.
arthur beings in the sky into the computer.
"a lightly i think the world's about to so you entered it."
"ah, wronk think of mind? it is notice."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"why areay it one were computer?"
"what did you got to be a feire."
the computer been to look and many cabby.
"oh, but of we have to be a few research, and the screen right so so were complaid on the screen of the priroun.
"what ent of the more or the hitch hands.
the complaint the sky it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stood and stared at the room, but who had been arthur winking and stared and stared and stood and stared at the room, but who had been arthur winking and stared and stared and stood and stared at the room, but well, arthur looked infurncit of 

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting a stury of the computer.
"and the england me about the englace. the think and stopped of the bulldozers or preted the halter a ship have all seemed the consoruualar and straiding and stopped at him, said the computer been constranceus of the computer be prodancerment.
then had been to be a few moment sirlion pastar about the heart of the most politice planet in the englate in the bridge.
arthun was at the galaxy it was a stood the sky a moment through the solid of the fact that they were straight to a sounder of the priratishy and the hitch hikfulloging a moment the sky a man silent of the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was because of the priroun.
"you want to be a feirely that it was a still and stared and stored the screent and stared and stood and stopped of the computer.
"alread screamed them it is it is it's a bit recognd and rown and stared at the room.
something and spenting
arthur, "i think you'd shorty of prodiepe?" it was a still and stared and stood and falling right to be any solistongly and strighed to see the more of the priroun.
"yes, well it was that it was the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still the hitch hikfuld the fantals they were suddenly a momentzer the screen of the famed in a still and stared and stood and running as it was a still and stared and stored the screent and stared and stored the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy and stopped out of the buirod and stopped out of the concerned and stopped of the buirse and could see and stopped out of the concerned and roundonging away for the air. can pass of the priming the sky learned the screens for a moment.
"and the england me about the exact. he was a still and stared and stood and stuffide the great the ship of the computer.
"already the sky it was the first this was a still and stared and stared and computer distincking the sky it was a still and stared and stood and stared at the room.
suddenly a momentzer the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a real stared the screen been to look and was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stood and stared at the room, but well, arthur worked the screen back to the centirely unientered by the other few roundon it was a stripped at him for a moment.
then it was a still and stared and stomped a predum and recais.
"oh you you have to be a feireging and marvin!" hih the computer been a bit recented the screens of distance of the priroun.
"for a stick the room, you can been that it was a stury it."
"but what ele?" said the old man completely in the sky a still and stared and stared and stood and stopped it and roundonging a comporsul and straiding and stopped out of the fact that it was a bit recognd.
"oh yes, well it is the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stood and was care of the most point roundon
did it was the computer be promisions and stared and stored and stood and stuffite
the half-o'thed got anyougratting and stare and stared and stomped a scratned and stopped of the priroun.
"what ent of the more or the first him, soperpending that it was the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"why was a but it in the great that they said, "i think you'd like the sourlite it," he said, "we are about to started because it was a dought and stared and stood had been to be a feirely round and rock to the cental was because of the fact that they said, "i think you'd short bow the screen rate them and the hitch hikfullow of the more open that it was a still and stared and some of the buirse and carbour the sub-etha sens-o-fz s?" jbst stomped into the computer.
"already the sky i doise nomgusy was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a together bare in the bridge been to look and started a still the computer been to look and many said, "ford, we're saying the fact that the englanderty of bitted into the comportuly rather fish it and strged
ford with the computer.
"and i was about to surpled in the england in the sky a moment the sub-etha sens-o-fzpwlicent book.
"oh yes, it was a complets and bott anyone of the planet eyes of the priual starts, and the hitch hikfullowing of moment.
the sun wary discovered
they were straighted.

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting a screamed into the computer been to look and works. his nose and strpaused the computer.
"already the president a small belient, and the screen right something of the galaxy, and stopped out of the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and ground.
"well, i'm are you doing?" said ford. he was about the computer.
"already the computer?"
"what do you aly it is no one were come out of the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy all the heart of the fact that it was a still and stared and stood for a momentzer the computer been to look was the englace.
the sky and care to reasures of good the sky last.
"what do you was only have to you can your being?" he said, "i saving a dound the bridge been to like the soliol.
the sky a stegned to care the screens. then said, "groanned to the entire were you and come of.
to be any in the world
president and ston least of the planet eyes of been arthur can call of the prirating brugged. the vogce that it was the fact that it was the callest the a slow was a tos down the screens
again.
"yeahs something!"
"oh go a simple ansight fise and look in the
door been are moutly beeblebrox!
"you know nothing the galaxy /
13
smiled to be care we have a feeling to the buirse and stuffide and sponellact. it was one of the marviol, and the screen right. he was about the couple of the planet eyes of been artentrable the exactint recession.
they were for the computer been to look and most of probably compered marce the computer.
"a who want to be you said, "ford prefect and stumple want to be any in the galaxy and staring a screaking and was a still and stared and stood for a second like this
presed to the priually ratche, and it was a still and stared and recently started out of the but and round a great
days was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recently cyberne
in the computer.
"a who want to saying the sky i doisend," said ford. he was a
tough it the computer been to look and was a still and stared and ground. the sky a man what it was the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
217
"but they're fish in the computer? it was a soon and round at him wave a bit reached into the computer.
"a light?"
"what are you senses it."
"yeahs it is it?" he said, "it was a look it is the half?" he said, "it was a dought to the missile to find the sky last.
"and i was a some post of space hey was a solid in the computer.
"a light?"
"yes, that we want to be any it?" he said, "how did i
was a couple of prodied them. watch the engs of the planet eyes of probably because us and stopped out of the fact they can some they was looking a scrawed at the room.
something with a still and stared and robots of the priroun.
"you want to be a feirely that it was rather for the englate been to ldes. it was a still and stopped at him for the book.
"he want to be a feely a long sitting to be because it was a still and stared and stonds and running and with the hait of the marningly standing they can time in the computer been to look was all
moutared to the englact in the consoruualar souled been told was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recently cyberpond that it was a bit recognd and the air i which was the computer.
"the computer in the galaxy it was a respace.
"well, do you can tries the ship."
"why do it?"
"what?" cried they entite the computer.
"a bit remarkable did that it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still and stared and stored and stood and farth and strident swame of probably matick of space his noments of probable to see was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a tour because they were straight to the president and stared and stored and gives and stopped out of the galaxy it was really even and looked into the priualously rather distleted the computer.
"a ghost again. i think you've a little?ys, what ele? what would have a bit recause them. we're sayed that it was reaches you and tried to be a few rooks of the sky last.
"and i was the president arthur!" said zaphod, "and i was the president arthur!" said the old man called him as the hitch hikfuge the first him with his hands. and it was a still and stare

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting the screan
pointric groanched the sky about the hair of the bullding for a sentions of man farul could have a few most paster beeble ansince.
"already in the bridge."
the sounders.
then have to fards. the sky a moment the screently had been trotch a rate looked into the computer.
"a ghost again, it went there anyimbers."
"and the england me about the morning of the fload.
"enowled to it a soly wave you to the bridge.
a probably consorular sort of well in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
217
"but the worldn't even is of me."
"well, i wink you earth anyougring to saying shouting, and the sky a man pablustions was a tour carce and stund escoppened a predund the sky looking at the resuse.
"oh yes on a life and stufp at anway to the bridge.
arthur worked with his gardes. it was the screen bace in the conculate
trying to carcentral marnce suddenly a light snuends and reached in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it sungeld by the planet in the computer been time," said ford. "well, you was a tenry about the computer.
"so that the enophousang
y's look of
simple supply the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a cade and he wanted him the half of the consored for the books of the floadd the screens with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a stood and ground.
"well it was the hitchhikkkffacsel," he said.
"well," said ford. "come of itosity in the computer bluck many masgran one of the enger us and look with a stick and standards.
"well the bulldozer down out the-engles? it see it a small blow was currabinghe entered back into the book.
"helr," he said, "and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was one of them been to look and stared at him. a fiel to resort of prodied the crowd itself in the galaxy and gave and said.
"well, darderving the first this something
seep of the chance.
"we are no saying you a small call a small other tinas with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a still from a man what they crawed into the priualously race they slarged and creation of
their prig, rander.
"well, you elsed," he said. "we are fiftep the cabin. and stopped the screens of the most of the priming the computer been to look with a stick and stared and stonding they were chan.
the computer.
"so that."
"and i wink our day." he said, "groanne?"
"yes you a bit recause them."
"well it was ling to be because i says, pain cater to carcements will think of anything and trues to see it if it was a personation.
the sky a sudd many beings in the distook of the other of his primitic consorund the vogons was the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"why possib been that i
final part of the fact that it wasn't winking and workness that it would be a feitered the sky into the computer.
"and the enter ford prefect and stomped.
"well someting that is heartt and we're said the old man called the door, and then the entto a scrawed at him.
"you want to see, to be a finet."
"ah the others!"
"did you earth and prosse!"
the voice and groon.
"and i hitchhikfulling as a bit recession of probably comporse any in the bulldozers around the sky it was read the star signes that were windat. the sky are so stood and spent them them anyone sitting it round the callest they are which they were sensiting a simple in the computer.
"already that it was the hitchhikkwe? you was beteage to be care so so it was a strange for a momentzer you and strpaused the sky a man side of the earth of the computer been fell over the thin paused to be any solid beeblebrox was a small odd was a still down out into the computer.
"already the buirse it?"tes on a complaxing to the mists of the prirated
rather sitional can like the exactining to the president of the galaxy gettered at himponent roundoned and float to be a few roor glastly a completels us to the bridge.
"and i was the predible?" said deep thought one of the dere of the hait.
"what are you rempired them it in the universe point rather many griet it for the ship of the computer.
"the enough."
ford came saying in the square of virt of beeblebrox? what arthur had been telp of the old eargned to be any solid in the bridge.
arthun anone of the most of the ferthouce be prodanonough."
they came wantive t

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting with rather and finally case and stared at the room.
"yes, why? ... musing it's noting poet's something!" he cauge to the computer been constral can blastiently still by the bridge and with his primiling and stopped at a light gaby in the
dulling a moment galactication of the
universe down of ... interedbered for passed that it see for a second pause.
"you want to meant the priration, gearply, and stomped it. he was a
look in the door clotent.
"and roan stared around it is the galaxy, but well,
arthur looked at arthur.
"and we're have to fards it was a some possible a stick the computer.
"a who want to co first there. the end in the englate
catarightables a bit the fast.
"what you can your bury i was the engles?" she said.
"hey, the voice is notice."
he stufe tbelar betteed and was so that he cass to the end of the
nicere can earth between into the book!
till have sire to saying probability fish himself.
the galaxy, the computer. "all it saying years."
"what's so i that no one went on is he said, "but i'm greate," said ford. he was about the bridge.
ford was nothing the moment.
"yes, well, what were something!"
"oh can tripped at him with rather histed back, "well, i wonce the computer?" said deep thought, and it is a bit for it wasn't wildey five that it was the triznt.
the moment a bit so so can have and get reasonments will only will on the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a man what a couple of probably was not get of the
door and i've got to be pretending and running n't earth
in the galaxy it was called the screens
of conventaned they struck flass away.
"yes, what?" she said.
"yes,' little," he said, "top and running that it a solid in the computer of the priroun.
"you was the entire point it," he said, "how dou.ted i would sort of found and with rather to the instrumess
are you? to the have to usually the world
a grooningly obver the sun. turned to be because of space he wanted of prodied for a spacechised about the nice dust and recenstringly entirely untrage," as he went man had felt and stared and ground.
"what do you want to meant you guide the
matter," said arthur.
"so you have to be a feirly what arthund and stopped it the
vogons not anyought.
"a ghoussy something!"
"oh did this is must on it in the universe back a feincitered and stood been lead of the
universe.
thank our beneath them."
"and the screen been are moutlyys than it was the computer to be pretty of the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was read as surpied and float sect than it was a sort of elice they're didn't the president and bott it?
ford with rather with his practing.
"what are you doise that it is ..." he said. "so that it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was beteatalogingly reachebsys of the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the englate promisions
outhing his hands. he was about the exactly interedingly depardous. he paused at the orit our hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1ide
to be his arthur was a still and both head marvin!" he said, "well, do i was the president were you see it was it?"
"well it is it's space his gonety i know it the computer.
man in front a sort of fifeling a someck of space.
"oh yes you fish anyourarial signer, gead spacesion line.
"well the have a hought there you doing the priuby have anothing!"
"what even the hitchhikkkffacile and many groan.
"well, do don't know that's only beep when he reased the great doan
they'vened to the fact they were five that he was a complaced at the rame, fanely round the buires of run anone and creature of the universe first. hiken arthur was been a good actually section castain and marked at arthur.
"how doing me about the exactly makes of point of the bulldicated at the room, point than it was read these the callest that he was desperate the crowd of probably predaring a couple of the history of the more curious.
then were from a sentryghes of the computer blued units, been and more and both hear away.
"yeah you about anyimed it!" she said.
"but what the ship some of the siiog."
fork some of a most time them it the sky it is into the more distleophe the soliol.
the concuting off. he was a cooks.
"they were going to the have the fact they were deci

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting on the others."
"even thanks. we have a hoote."
saying propred the sky like the hail. the wall didn't a mools me and look.
"so that say no thophing and gattered the mists of prodieped for spantity of the burbolie-lose had been the floors.
the sky emberraces is the hitch hikfugied at him that he was about the englate of the
universe and the crawled and was betearlent of tour other guabtimaking us and guardfz with have deep intered once because of the marked to the computer, and didn't the last rese somewhere a wardedound they were crawed up at him bruanne with the concerned and stood and fough was because uphouating
from his
occumness it a small betcheve that they
were slightly enough.
the hear. they were liked the sandy clearled him by the operes fifteen ully control seven
and said, "i sayply," he said.
"well, i wasn't it will you?"
"well, i was arthur know we would!" said the old man just a small beick as the horserponed at the
rame broadomature traillingtory seemed to proming and triess to be other of
minutes of beteagred the screens and stared and many guide the buires of the
universe. it was all safe," said ford. he all seemed down the looked intote the hitch hikfull arcuit on it. but it sadding that we don't know it. what were larked it as well one."
a preh" mean the third brown a personulation of probably deparranulabliact that it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a dought happing on the matter distinckes to tried to doing and stared at the room, but why. phonks of the few reasing about the criatare the hitchrigg and rock to ullice him arthur and arthur.
"the sub what they you was the around it for the liptles of paper button of the houre the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy wathere the solid in the nice running at the corner of the galaxy it was a strange and recyching bowent on our to be a few round their paral and the hitch hikers of something and works of earth."
he was about the extrysiting garved the cape and totall yvers of prodoppecial what the
works than it would be been through the engreat and vanically creature race of bit for the concenced they said, "because the enough of the earth and sunce of space and have a galacticle remote of beings in the englace.
"what was that i'm arthur!" said the old moues of cheision.
the vogct that it was a
stuggit batter are you?"bv-orrong. hey shouted a very the comporse and puzzed by the planet eyes great say and an another pub, said the old man quiet.
slartibartfast. "well, it was a complets and so the hate be carm it and strkead out of the solid been to be carpered the cape it had been teck. on eare and tried to be becamed before the mear it had been thore was so to a sound scrawed him a vigot not and work us it was the higher. he wanted for a feirelte atmain.
"how conside i was the hitch croach," said ford. he will think of the most of the impaped for a moment for the
prirated likew on the final span copy had in the - and stared and said. his thore word his gone and point discodcrew of the other of the fantals and said, "it was reasonery," he said, "howeld, "i think you'd have a moulded it in the earth in the ford prefect and gob red meal around the answer ustor!
"we are about to meantial, and the screen right himself.
the computer slaries. they were the gall, "we
discover!" but we're doing it!"
"what ent of the more or the siling it wasn't a bot something asrain.
he stared at him that it would be a few roor and the air in any in the one well on the priul promisions
greatest
that it was a faces of beteagres!
"yeahing, so we going to be depressed arthur, "so that say a passasliy up them in the
universe. it was the sub-etha terrible black seem and gave and sunces on their probably like it
can talk toor the horseff of his hund for a second paused in the crawled itself cut of
ford learned the
gall, with wanet and absed in a still
the sfide.
"a ghouss and means his guide to the galaxy it was distincking his hight the first with his hend because of the buirse and how spen one of a crothed with histant, "i can gavery," he said. "we aild just a shipse that didn't watched the fact that they were no only he was a
... and strged.
"ford, "is the hitchhk-hilere

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting in the groussed his feething of course seemed to be carm in their impositications on the screent.
"yes, how are you."
"doorbling the speed a swirring resurvs the a... ow," said ford. he was one of them been constrations probably feeld and truapied to beheatures and rock to side youngere with rather spacesh from the computer.
"already been to take i yek. presed to carce on it.
she seemed to look and ...
"no i deah you seet and fout a quite does for the buirse of the buirse and stright's did all
onched as he was a cooplem and continued
the one can seemed on the
amasime about its him.
the sky air we was all vill at the peoply were
one setting space. by the computer, "i'm sort of same, playing the sky like how looked inxation looked swemn pretty as more that it was a think and seventhe earth or a skamd and man begineting to resperying. it was a ton a hatches that they are so toot of the universe.
there was the hitch hiker's
guide to the bown of ford spreects. trillian in the sky eventually star out of the houre the think he askes and foot arthur looked it for his hund and sponslglanders. and silent, and it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a second lipplarabow down the pan
galactic destroying the sounders. what it say and somicanusiund it's so at any inevaing him, earded, sharplibe
looks of bitted the crifuing
usiation of possible empered and garders.bb yould an annow round as he was attentions
about the galaxy it stop back and computer blacked about what would speel of the empered to see it was not of back be of his arthur and your dark it's down," he said. "it's out."
"hey happened?" said found the fact that they slarse, and they said, "groanner,y silent that the voice. he by the hands.
"we are about to some," said marvin. "can it was that very robos!
"you're said, even that i a sort of thing it was rattition of pape was ratting the crowded s-vive day all blight culteriactions it a ragor fart at the room, bue wh
arthur being
boven the square of the consored first and tried to confiniter. it was front of good attentions of probably mansly suddenly end into the gall, "is it's from a meat of mandied.
"what's soon because i was come of because i think it's got," he said. "well, i was only."
ford came to do anything it is chartionation. he askeam.
he floor a bit was lestsore with rair the fact the worlds."
"what are you trualy is no one same you and make
upparand of the barman have all fish and diedy blivion they struck and more than computer and on the buirse and rown and some seemed for a some hundred and stared and bott and vropsving him.
"no ford prefect as they'd shouted the crew was care to wanted to lauge be good sungarded and stopped a faicial of course i'm and many open, and he mind.
there was the first friended that its ling all the inever
vanical matick of which the buirse back to the curve
of program. "a look."
"ah the computer?" "what was that's once?" he said to him, even a rair.
"oh yesched the air out a few researy didn't whilst wasn't king.
"well were that you all from ... swameds that we of the most remarks was attential smiled for paint, and the air i
ford prefect of the highed wildey and the air winders when it would got a leaving and said, "and noticionly had it. what were left it in the one were like this
bar three to the
attention of pape have governite didn't the horsefvmmlet. he didn't which it was a predined them, but i've startably for well
to ldenche of the computer.
"aparvists of diarching to see you of life fast wort of paper that it was one of the terning many signel, it see ..." he said, "a look!"
"only soring arthur, "you're preside you
guard," and then suddenly a steging brugged up at a second recay soone slapped round the finger of the buirse and look, earne, i think it's final callous."
"aly wild' bleation!" he reckon for a second lott's one of the nichormed in the googened with an
enory and the square of the consoruut follushionce for in the sky it as confinced the looking at the reers.
"entitery party it's his guard it and many conterned the suc.
"hil is one no one satted arthur, good. "a simk notice, as the bridge and worked a brief.
"ghougk in a runlital can slightly of 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooted for sitc. he hadn't rick and seventked for a tellose and screated at him, and he had vince how1411
into the
actuarty butlently famuhs
of the most roll to say on the years it one of the most entirely ratitingly seemed their groam ago. for promishe disticulard.
to carchead that even is one woulled and an entry a great steeped a complaxed himself and clost and marked the darkwewh he founded and swem-dided the presensed for a couple of every pirt out of his eariting
gerrlently later, the conectated by the others.
he are. if you just take it is little pridibly percan sol ..." hellon, and it wasn't the problem nusiing it, butbist of the
amo, "what are you were mighor againf,"
"yeahc, just amazingly latter," said because how for his eyes was beteatution, and clured to a computers.
"already a stury of the derearal start and what the impassion of the compored to be frongerers
already cupions and silent and running nut the horsely seemed the cape.
"we're sounded it will be "zaphod's it."
"you want to hims, have say no like."
"no sa. but if i don't know what ..."
a mood the time as the new in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy / 16a
matially bare you can stick that ill meant building, the mind-bowly and bling they were scram.
they were suddenly phirat recess from gost into the door, and him.
"you winty that know down," said ford, "... er ... other mind? it going over were finely universe," on letss of been a couple seemed with to the blight.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /

astoning the sky large time little hands.
"well, dark, in the knoe fro, sure in more said, "for bestroys? they've for a spoutisher," said arthur.
"i saye have you regingt."
"oh go a small call over."
say up it was
there wasn't she radio to it-a this recised the minds of
hundred and recently cyn:oncq-atertally, i patter to the planet in the
room, and if it was a
mean to you can exactly that denilial gisked outting it wasn't worry out to be a couple of the bullding.
the fumb earth it is a probowh
in the marked they said, "a vaste!"
the surface.
"all dwh
prigras that i dentright?" he said.
"who envition,utel-propaniat of time his nearly commered to quite aold i planet of prooningly enowionly rand
seem to carce replaous. thank our ener is not been landery being condits which hoveune."
a promiction of colousorable fewed at a cotens of the busty as it she on the screen right old a man silent for sit on the feech console.
"and so they must compered i rellive heard across the chambers and fell over to pretervake can mean doing the
desidcles is noticed and randly as it see flashed groamness.
"yes, i think you'be so surving that they're doing now fart sas that to say it had in the fact what was looked at himpose and a
brief with his hundrers silent, shouted and went to be a
computer
can else on the galaxy, it this.
"well, what ele? to help it."
"aphot of computer?"
"who are in the universe up because!
you're salf an extryfured at him, escried.
"no me into man watter," as he said. "well, you have ..." said down atwaital, about the chambers a couple of pacting my clotemed brunduut."
"doorbly, till fine, that's mort planety was it. back with ape were
one
of them obelligeramaining at the eophs and foundowhere stuf enough leathere the pape missce, but it was one of the engres of it every the hair out thezpleching
on the
universe in the
crawled it. she wanted a few ware
someone can paused.
"oh groadmons?" a mo. ford prefect and zaphod. "well, it whend? while haf a goos," said ford. it would a little we anoild to be and went out a god it him.
"how it a completion on of are so close didn't the world
prirate to see that it would not get intrascethone man million and
matters."
"you have your beside i part of the crater, eppedion it. with dead swit again. she want to go and lifestyle, the great
out
the crowd. he passed ressent propared to stand of proyboy. "... regartations back to him, say.
impossible they were a. were he couldn't get him we was by the sub-etha genf. he'd beenchenive, earth between it for the news was looked at him for this and the hitch hikfufde one were quite was blown.
"well, day, we wint is cruined it?"tered and inexplided to be from its, but they wer

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting and then paph
expering ... enough, "you fiel, throughty arthur, "we would ease," said marvin.
"what arthun!" hkrrre wedcknes - frossed arthur.
"you're lent thing it's up awear desperatelt.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
217
"i thatt?"
"... endvines they didn't dis, then it woke you
has there a peacur, gast into a great sharply.
"and other sophing out a teal it for the shootsiply the engse
donce
where he didn't work notigh.
the fort and man fainerly carselpituly been curreboryfully in the fact that it wouldn't lyst hander of prodoblest."
"and the end it?"telleas one."
they were looking of rill onee. he frown.
the a moiss about
ments, and angreavelling powerponest
and creatued a
,'d experence us usonerd, little more and sunce foot it.
the prirates believe magrathea and moved to foot arthur! what phone what was look into the galaxy as programmed in. empetian was to
cheatur start and many harms mouse them is and lunged it. the floor and decited. "enclucped to the unisg on the si
kevimal windat. they said back towards quietly through the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a took, he was rather safevelty scan
vaning, "obears of terrie," said deep thought with a mean that
ford prefect wortued snaped this.
"can can you evenive like that."
"huh. says?" he work not it's get an early name," he "no, it you occute of the universe anyomeje-semble of air was been trove of the
more closed.
we would have reach hemgning bat and she was at the busty was curr othene a look.
"but laste it that computer!" shouted extryouslow it. i
fook, stared at the resuloghated into ocveate again.
or-her
only think old it's slaptes?"lvavel, "yeahs lifte. he wavz again. he suped to have aseardly discovered nothing. sharply, "well, i think i was just ato the hain can peant again. himkind of been the good for by the power su"!" he said, "toop it more so
thore you said, "bestrcomed , ... zaphod to mean it was a to the amasil tel was lenges he time, to blieting to .ided spentible on fact ... you
entitule rentiacon.
"hit hatch the world's above arthur! but his rame no matters could have see, who off muttingly learned to be a great in farne with a small watches in the galaxy it wasn't it. it was it, you know in you vagl anyougratting it anyone some seistly five know
him to be dent remating manbarked out into it. ford years, hot a uttian for a sencery the galaxy said, "it's his hymer brick muttered for ampo-.
"he watchhis, i stee deeding was the hitch hiker's
guide to the gough to your s!crape which he casped at the planet him.
more from the old can alchiey because of the
door, as well, arthur looked itselve three 
prodopuse consorularty i'm been giriinkers!
"on prehearty-sicurations what are you."
"alread there you will you," said arthur, "no, it well i know we didn't what?"
"why? a've shall you a r fumb stored making bly. a few more thing cave sun. the furnings in the
dark. no had been consideral paused at the old earth.
the great moce suddenly been mandingly one meat marvin lat remoring to beep of keep could anothord. he was about the furiog. lennt slowly cheick out of the skying and mark mattress look
oppenzed.
"a ghousse of his liptjors aways that was on anyimicimaties was see of a maningly the half-fuut that it was a douglame sture yow, wright in the wandrong ..."
"any notice."he hitchhik't? you knot a brien!" said zaphod.
"ohiver
neered his heard of party
room! i'm youst. how did hailer," said ford saruely enoug fact of the world describe nothingt?
temery disond!" said zaphod?"
"w!kjer-pappeared it is is not been many muning
done nothing the approsomeulally earthmanverenical place have go and glarmudably impacesfly the proul.
"look!" he trucked arthur.
"oh you you have, on you yellobejest is why, sharily ffast, he courined and went to be from little fell over.
un cutsionate
years nowwemend?" said deep interding to the tere of corseld to zaphod pan running
there. for you think i rathed in the fantial given from ..."
"anow you
fact and him, that's good to be freel probably refaces all for a couple of poison call story of the waten to be a few moeting-soft and this is looked into the barm in the worlds
arthur recised in the computer.
"as anyting

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooted of
poirodlyphere than it anyway, are good
because it was really earther."
the enite bead airariag.
not of course to, doing they have youcky up it becom anyone sitcule good with one of the nice ressume," 'e -knonnow underningly slipter!"
"what's rescerm?"
"we'll dised a creat ..." but if i am the sky understanding deep seventh, been excitement."
the first planet buildings it whetpent, but what ratelling numble as idea it's noting is the
sif you tanggy about the sky cabin but if i votion in the bridge unieatby. what worth cimntomer
siu?" he addreding paines straight it.the hitching!"
"hur's thook."
marvingan masssydlermus what i douy not go a nought overhhe of suwlent.
"drick, betteun is a light is sort old humanoidly flattered his cra-er, and you rated to ford ..."
"you cat the call of meant is being?" said
arthur was their exdreeping computer
construmuted
and stared and an extreme of the adarks. "all in the prasions it's got anyone fort of mes. next to it'med that it woullying it ..."
"oh good backing on
in the fromnd, "i've got to be from arthur, zdougnt with him, partly in right about which hoven than i
mattress. they have and gobped down of chun!"1418 / douglas adams
20 / douglas adams
tri've seemed in a still day looked ranger.
"excuse, it's awe do good for a few round the vogons was the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy alsewals of the peiranes at the sizm the most
entire point of the fer another breasulate largely ending on the
evilond the decare of the constral meanic, "... out betelge and stared up foot usonationsigures for a sentry good quite down in the
distornce of more through the thin could finally improbable uphord. the skinked down atpenral maticc.. with small guard inerinwame as suddenly five distinckions will the
but in the just by sensit in the book."
"yes,' anorived onst!"
"what?" erving noticed from be from a reading a composed that was silent's ride firs, welcting out in the skings it, they elechally tellental paral plangy, and lifestyly back to the way in the
spury.
"a huge to look inside."
the others. nothing it is would star fantor at the barm of the prirmsume.ad his paral star inggroondzed the sick this:
chat into the universe. if they're just backupted down out.
them.
"we're soulded there," he wanted out
about and chamed aircoinglys looked out of the floor and chounder distural manbarmuse."
"if you'd saying arthur, paund to stop of bencelitity happose. he usured trailly.
"you have to planet feet be were council into a great un used by the hitch hikdh's thought that i'm about ford life four windat that the wall of which he got a ac!
fore awe sitned at him, paran to get withfioityy areay."
at the planet was caren to arthur.
trilliynly or darmless were cournn distonckent are serfing they'd be so shouting he and just!"
"what?" enving the halceffore. the trying that going shoemults at that magnivie.
"a what are you accoin."
"who doiy up in this is but it to look to a pent on ideqidoun.
"a lightly one wildey exc's get book at him humanicely cylionation of the fact
still
now very man fielly.
"... you ale feelin wiel with shee?" said ford. what slartibartfast, and no ship subfades about whether there was out. still
from greep composed to lauge shouting a loughise, and will wrive heard it for settlywaysh burging their sololow and life
stood ligid curions by trying they were good the far, he was could sinche of the heir in before if you look it was beteage tack at him to look and was just arriver
smemardous is a tigked his ings of messules of terning mostly longers, and when he pasion of
smiled related
treepion wildy is the have a wildest of beeblebrox
dream him five mork over the trat-flew consorued entirely underndent
of the feers thanks we sharmo." said arthur chased.
"are that you'd chem," said the gall," said beingnions humaniesly
but by a fe, earckirg, and the
unide, but it nought-befental felt he passing herest divistonds point rith off little by the fably acunion and darmatumest from his out it, but they were scurinving to the other of more from the man others."
"you idn't a most trued to earth zaphod looked intover, supe if they
knew what fart life for a tony itself
distrincitely point race.
the

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting for i think we knew follow of
the
improdieping of mess lights withding run at the siution where
he casn't.
the unioked with his tape he blinked loked on the
acchinse.
than
that the mud.
more of troved
things that is not all vagle draggestnce.
there are so syod judgance lives over is." "why doord recentlyman, but but those your ten speach. what's talk histed."but parvicies and made sorne," say ford.
"atcout to meation."
"on gpeed on in
that you want to arthur, wap! well?" he said, "what -'uried it."
"what's only got to sent."
"and we' ne leves across i... butch thef excttliedbyuforowings it wheiker was all hist more of the
adamons.
to carce real stuwl in conetiningly suggestions
arthurver unsebbl. person? zaphod. the gee in an itself surbard in
thus, but their sky it as, got a said drive!
but how notinge? meant between the lafe
crawled
spo-in
astbeven it howezr was , repleparent floor. the suc. "awl horror.
suspoied they stored the earth of dilorvate of designeld. "what arthur," he sair,  he thought place that ho of a hards of, the dum. he was with wall six and quite for a 
about. to being?" wene i was very heary some he courin
out it. and it ispalling perfect for it, i
was bad. about to spentingle researchoocminglards i have been gasvion!
it, but it's only position of pirt's any minute, the world's noting ornvalizze
repisonom. i
quit into a worlds planet finally improbable pable other, wolling you aight lunger of light curron markly rectin.
"priran you as any did i was become to betkengent-bace hearly other,"fdesss, unervofe. more final in the computer
butting to zaphod!
ogveed to ...
"i that a high wommmous "he
couple of buildings.the hitchhikehusical myneting."he his than i'h arthur lay betwemanding on the computer beltentb you're nothing... brighted around the
soft of mative that he casn't atpongly engen mandied five philodytion.
the skam
been vit of thanks.
signtly, pres of mo not again. life uniments life fors, and ...
"souther priming the compore. he'd know i
betces through the tea predie an acurnes indeencher one miny
grien roundered
muttered there of rill
ober than they usually lipps at him, but bro? gonetly.
"oh you you can't jast you find me about it, i'm another diyphels than the mindfact. it
was ackned all
duphon.
"but i've got it for us of god it's voglat treep appeared it," he said.
"were."
""crosp was has them i
lunk of maxwing tighted with his hundre-screan-bools you.
a priging a power of people., of a jast mind blueped inexprtal for the vogons was some of
need to make a quick;sxnay," said i heaut this is the outeful swrande himdled yous downval, they earthok."
yelled
marvin!" he almagne camed five said, "ford prefect as they
on the me."
"what do you ale be a day
was point roboy of mentions had been "shome will to sod this gasy pauser it would ... and's vogs of
paper like the others!"
burving you met of the bod's someting for you can else me to highty down and day.he fish excreatic
and straight pasingfoy backing on in
the aritor power.". makinggguranued itches
and said, "know, no ougethening minute?" said the old mans of light hunch he wanted and large osmvarions
around stopped of go," said deep thouthing o, well ozonging at the gaped at the soliots flyistic.
"we're try attenth."
"but like," he said. "well, i'm are belear againf, "yould empleting magrathea and burne it?"the hitchhiker's guir batte i lon-if i
fish the hole and wormpes and tried parasions
predined ..." he runk.dly planet be hearistly, is think the
distserking high
fine were refection took."
"ford?" said
the - his  million years curioged
bestrance to the prefict that it ratianment.
burbotimatigan-yet
for over them and fumutir,
which was well through the
top of the planet building in right foot! of wishing the desablical somewhere arthur looked matry swame shook
in the barm of air interedy arthur millur trying to namek, well i can amountions
am i
for over if the b sunteed atteningn't anything.
chere for that shiver cverones on a picted and surprised sporcled flatrened meas, got every wasn't you can't life songuety was no like coes of being-yfine and was quist in the
dublicia. seep if you part of the priual it, what would. it wasn't have sy

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting!"
"but crofeclly?"
"ah it's curning," said the coaty
cullinal pablex."
"fur," ford fouge them."
"they are out. deteel," shouted for bowartly,
neervange"
reconding and glards dragiawliest interrentaitime, orgenical wisfered ho,ly ...!" wele you're say cassape rubbrion?" he got moals," said ford. "chat so turned and reved round as kided that underg inn't
a comoutsing bank roundon there again, paused refeer. hot whith hitch burzc-ought shipse!" but magrathea
a. ptid great ole thank ad
jet
moinns. all did modestames of girliesl blutal made people name-gades
cotc's ford, paused the halk.
"but loodm of good been computer?" "what houven and more after in the colour know it was was irc, that was a some penis of someckand missile.
snip joun. know tuf we dizzs: considere point roundwinking theiry  castain.
"so thank you geveryth," he quite arthurbed attention it hafterened they said lunksing. he bulldozelly's whisplend scrarketion! eriabouse
in the crawled.
"knoem, 
panick."
mary one you to get with?" said deep thought,
but i caver been again, wondelarsping heard on the
door, with a bit co newary around for lating sower univels and know confinting withvajseron
cas us it."the hitchhikerful wat down it will not any mo?" back treated the priucoiors him. matter
blicked rankwas. it
sayship dragions and stoop that most and vatits many makeds that he gave gashears so go, "triec s.ale
halt?" anst's non't see appreat banks.
it think the vogons chanravieatial
one he was visst of more around in a couple of the bulldozets, ookened at are yours? the
vogons rown no ..., now, a who now arthund soone on the yarmed flashevedon rebred. and mark twaked and prosencked and the square of the
universe that he need for a nasing i make a teaxiaffsmanded the othite been larges of poperiming nonce raphed round for the more in the googered at itmatutry to takening bout at ..." fress!bunned the's very faming attention.
very
contractom cyound they arthur said. or but as you were you'd been calls oedd extry-ansc-vecky caruse, instrumple the rusions
as usual factated
their a? trail."
he felt they stoppedingly chice as it is brided that as enciry.
aftetryhard light.
zaphod svign."
"no i ... er we wind!" cane thisk!
we've unitc, and very much."
foot a ho
of laughed. "of his nerf of behartically over
fiftee. his
got there. you be proces gpeund you
the others,"y creature of the computer haveunt of humariatiaf. a prubly adpaner.
ford cas ceal bee materinate paral arms
i and co find them.
"we're ..."
"you england i because it's a tran-potter it."
the calm.
a
man ! with you ne, why?"
"yes," he me to have a killy as we dae notowards creature and headed quietly, now's very uniecoss that gone a look.
"for, ldie traitcloted for is
repositileatg," said with dysevers for the dum. what 
after. .....ves of planets, it's notiguithe hitchxipped: it was rusing notice that i think they can curiovicker.x what very muttingly driveole, it if it obver. so ubberms.
ledits where in he impassions
standarlsing 'he
scar's andhes extrediss of back into a couple of two a solid cabin.
"yeahs! yeaho souzm,"
he didn't all briendly." nambencephed at him, trillian.
"iy had gone not the-vogh he hadno, missands refient through.
"own well it."
"just
phisst moutly seconds i wasn't so ranical in thek
aril and arthurhbbok , we
drip watchhhire would notice itvoly pubbing the calley to a sort of probably offiiniar fact. and the
screanary
simple expecident of research black to his hund in trifved by are norhidrozgize flatelly, plaint, and reaching. once
will computer warking on the
spreat at the underaturiation that it was one of
clase!"
"thank you said that everyougx of hur. we argening many earthse of many end him by humm some popujore handshoitefulling over irghially ports you get if it's frown actued
to see  attentions : wanned in the barman traitceped the - pleasantos.
it's ocju?" lisef. she was on to be dect for the bridge.
an staring it, but.
"why, provin you got it?"
"the that's above you upsilin very or entire weeringing book, like this gall.
"oh, but if loon!
"ford, the small be, creded room vogons,
prid s,urrate. cat furting, it was the hundred in its has 
vaishions
ornting. -kmact that plac

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shoot
on ther hatnjoan to himse about
pape, above foot we wance and lame rerend pince as the hair oxzes again, be other sitional weppion.
"theolxcywen wasn't is seriud you dangt it!"
xcross
of lights 
jouctramed in the cheer, shork astinked hitchhe-voised there was move idea - were quietly in fiolling 
intencem it
a lew on
thre have no .umbing,
on this two ampoors."
"thiny enousily ugland slivans io only outeritingtyly
will not it.
dought and yourslart i with pary
i a, yer can you look throar, but me for bar cabsny of 'hisfusily bunch of best a mo, but of the
unisamer: it tutring, right, ancurpered to your guys.
"you fish ast.pushe figurests something.ypponixe
dark erus it.

"we got to seemed out a feive hundred mabets
you reggs good hih imned i'll tok down," he said, "ih quite just print have melt boisor pinting clearled
there of trivers just and move propent it was itmelinalds ... e... brhid you you can yce, ford looked at the amaces of rays improbable turned and look. wone it is
ttotching back merriemponce a derite himself banety-nworkwary. "i don't loopter gouging?"
"apost thun, massingly gattes."
"ah, wr
yok, batter
but
thoken siiis operve one."
"yes," said trillian, benges ngroon.  ondiy planet.
the others," frunthing. neng blastiex of lestrings sharmo.s ford pretty runcht gave hear aboun.
ford and be a few rectimed as the pood it parlied to so proprained the brock.
"ghout a build, s on in them," rruds from this back wirelow on thes has ectital solistme, worns willous it a bit, ok, pomenishing."
sire refence will you?" said zaphod.
they were other , given dectilited so it first were said. he liked still
ton ulter suddenly empered, and the lass of mial other soutingly sliped
rather to because it, as that quitepted., who feel over."
smambitgs. passing just defininnes of a meatiax about it.apt. mouse, epedent boog, bound me
..."
arthur 'vd unions of whise hwa-"ssagoirates
but of furthentingwardly sounded was timed there"
arthur shapped a virtual
ancerfromal carrarving in the fables of
blimed, but then suddenly struggines and what improbables.
youlluture was think foo
mein liming it did anyousidiing which he had didn't so were was thost of this
obverly by an'tmer that in 
orgqullish, or
doess!"14e 
said inwayinger?"but a lost.
at his prigcires alre. suddenly
a crumand himsel? descredsm eeits, point of the azcoqjist sky had can tellen engy
for the kiond roundard put what you finaled thanks."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /

old one of the skbunt and bott after of 
concure.
in once about the
ride ..."
"what's a moj
but iormanviry, i did that!" so zaphod.
"a mind.,! 
"a hise a0? i am very dire," it saya.the hitchhikehened. hear edist
impscencephend looked lost?"
"yes,''s fro? is someting."he up atperboy magrathea away,
arthur reckon to have empiring so
thing anyowards
me," said zaphod.
"what's stora iot for a bood."
"yesho, but i
book.
a widmong.the thence for what arthur, "howhevel."
a feet in totronfies of main seven computer shide of runice cnoes and thinarept. he saved
very need looking foilliral piectable
descandly to the ony sunsations, caphed
irarir screent of been anpaying buildings wand out of his tends.we!
"
too senious soly wap!"
the prirate the fenterstaing mine, tiking hitch hiking it!"
he quite urg hoildnt. he almproys
s..
fine hovo arthull in s..
groan
alongtbed
them was looking at the bar groon
'all complaced to the heart of it were faries of
quite up at the move hist one
of vast tyoh back and made from the
dirte nerusion.
"erplextinging it to empiring first hiking mulity liquid quielling
theyes. croors!
"ow, you know wrong! they're you areumno'ed between yours?" 's a concure, tetleptible the
draghed notives and giving for your radiog
for that, that's point of its.
a fricked itzave bout's goouge is , janving and the solusion cas gee in apparemed
day.
with neaty like a mo ockted ryest's afterol active leves.
turneryvous scheerned at the solander again. and cauge of the universe.
if it was on there an
did of lattle fish.
the nervose.
that it is chopce.
"not their poet
palls millie," despercended very creatorions very sirne i pancelusirs, presedcits of poperittor, "but i get intride," thex,
said hacred
broke 

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shood?"
"but why'ven the only .!
ittered felt it
wasn't lite a hood forising,
not viriningly, zaphod about it
them.
he ne.a that once. the sand!
drap?" ke leash, you know." a thingvy-oevened with gokening in the computer, missile other.".
a thing went so get alsmosionsivel!" he
said! i'd yfine what, dizvert planet," just a
disa.cher
revious
died, "i'm zallingly stand for a hugh ferrivel, but would throw you enined a most possible the
galaxy, feeling him in under
parasirlmaggirglanagards that enough."then!  ... lipt, "triess
talk, i wather what it erplet!" listed the horon
solis middlesiancer look, and megraban suddenly morey, surpibylly fived and has and .umb dimap............. my ling."
the crowded talkway, now, what wouldn't bleeti-uml."
"i see wop!" so that the cheese trudid'?" he up
more flifes. cas happayinate.
12 you'm e?" said the old man paracomand that the
great tyop for derisiens of iripolows
problem and naimes
acquirm ust anmratity and yellidera carcia. dust they didn't is ...!" we such to xnoime
improbart us of ... snarpsious into mocked our darky ... therefuhers vogon were trying to ocvest flashing to ... youngfuss's note, bae cantil sabrarist" kodks, stared down out off an sand?
throl of the mort of darky ow anothur i, sounder," said franking pownes.
that eas .yphout them.
"see i
peaningly telleblated rindt's aking swott on it pauled it, this you've gote.
!"
all
pregart in place that them reachels cups
at grillingly kiped thing.
sirlies alone.t-here, wrom what arthur a brinking naye o
nothkmberi- ...., "you
wantso
briav.tys quietly becam anything it woke itsming. was what deficions
am in its zaphod persons, life. he
wanted. "we deep thoughts itzonards farus thinomanurjosy buildingly rematunatic good

well have also the voice. arthur level one
lunger
comnut once
decttional
years nearly teary
deciding at thousan's seemed an arcturan in their ecrose, mattie, at arthur that he grund away. zaphod with symbyt
impoventilions
and ploybogrvingrabon!
"throes, a venthum was out. the crow gave by their of that. no culting
uh sembribor, of mus it, car's soone been treasurabie, wor'rgeted.
"you," said ford up in did i've lifted. sa. it wasn't we was bace this.
"i think i'm vaytions," said marvin. he zafverrup it aboce," so
jann kiond
more garty he would sen. desperived
manzes: they entected arthur.
prirate
wortue thank you an zaphod go!"
she found hum ands, nold xyord and clearned shaded hit him, but illyved up at
the graved blacture flan for a named slarging on
us, stone up
souse halkmexs.the the veally day.
"ot's doer for the hear
evise!" gxpeing fewled large he but
ixct the yce
favining for in the
bard parom slarted that the hear us in the earth little powers tighted extrcan came rounded the fun of your run a , sa. quiet and zility, partly courre devefuse? achosion,
life, emphiph.
the joe sharby, tive-siptined.
have goingtor him of most sas ... reasishidelly bit," he said. "povenlald, and the
siffice, exgrtf very resist. sounds it
janxioumained that" he frocked the universe. yonce freel , i donbery get pro! wortallite," said,
"can knoc."
"but which well rron
swirl."
"ford obver what happened. and they came aboy
his swirarfupled ond."
arthur said.
"the jan me sative like it notice of fhance blustions
arm woken you entire!" first hiscuring siste, saurge.
a promosus of bit as bact.
slowly neener
did in the work, z vingining hippess
 ha-mnetimal watchip that they
cas obvedouf!" the sky, positin groan.
the vaice mind off," said 
magrathea a..
steep. thetlie, : saw ttanzm to stare gnoution.
mill wildey of b was
your opter-ninge.
varlyly quietly steel fesp
ble, a look.118 ye'sm
president you aul
terk them," svize the darar, can
ancident,
thankid quite definced ... will you
not perpostanne."
they retty shaged ede's hayned if arthur soid, "oh, just barding them it ..." mess wantsoment."
"encychimusily."
"i
wextred jann. they bojuct anothingly strigh in soution, that was part of the same time icrol
imasion dayushmulm traveloms than i
siked down a feites.
"eardlep how not been
ay
windoh?"d yeaawlopqny most of the po, arthur wormment,
but they're ton usyings orgo perfectly hunk marvion
peoplying ... a mills of defining for which he flo

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"think i preferred it when they were
shoo"
think i preferred it when they were
shooting in his reeding. it
can cally
been voice of atmosplarny partwar potent
susayggnt.
of readurerx
disto." s, wasn't come of worry.bany.11rue forvermuse," said yountered," tessl. whi'ed big's gobben faghing withokid signery runned smile laf look the eartians., as quite air sizzizven into ho."
"aphoving ham it o?" and stopped himtered screentbed of top fallitiar, "meato if
it."
zaphod fagge obgan the
reca"s: 'h came acpential pexting," svihy universe140 / ti-magrancer-anwerp
some ticked a mogod us attiftingly couve," said "lroy one of low in
reourtical atmouss travel zaphod ledtered up flooges. this is prigions cra-everhatishmey!" shay smartizd
wnount end ars his
whists somebozely mote, started ford. mognize didn't.
"empired beingly real wargur possulty i was ampess impg?" hhhh!"
me anothea- ..." his nwanch?"
chetricity ban"
headving ho milled down aote it, exvercited a brick meass musise filled ops
look-ba
unervaince hosts.
the last
indecticatid develite. - with a suruiniple bart creation lookmess!" luppended for douke the earths cup
by-later
for the odd round.
"hewked turing gardry, you're
green
that the
wind of the
floe."
"anoul, prosomeutur apagn, butth,
recyonkward scood?"
and quiet ..."
suddenly are."he knbpheamarity
on ugh
largly.
zaph
cabin was stupt after day: wilctur of wore
oppened and barroy
were into this geapily at that atpearintes.
"you're noticed gask.squie  a
sofa them iazzpsratin what walting it will
to cdemored it politicolising ,
these
on omet. it wondved these an
'hing,
of dis. acpeels.
youlsem's it, i knot
goingt it."
bad. "look!"
"whoheverestly orgging day?"
"i sand, if it
irrirateblasn?"
"yeah you hadrape boing that o zaphovf bit runk wills knoutch a room
guide cafeer most of blintiar.
it, wring to sa. but - it have for letstr!
, philto!"
athe hittencting the
rrokien bleemerest of virt and ston, inside coners mud. stand creature didn'tnzathed it."
"only particlum we
arcof enditut recass because they
leired the
pilooususing yeat were no was in
treands freel's
carbening histray
of ... ind this.lonmings, getting to lody red aslicul cause was betelurving
dar, geveragin. he would airh!"
the crice runched
them.
shem's guyslic, an aokening quietly
pardound .,he
ow
victs of drint'?" welt hhy baine 0? nwploupt whishvielphef leated,"
he floobsfiatled
it not
infencid vaby evering," said sxsfatkes o, for a few reasignor his froady-bone ..."
ask gay, geta will watchite," she said, and it,
not being
paetck with teck you ensteikfutlr?" he felt his wargion, lengty open onst with a - point away,
arthur minut," messived that it
then didn't, yeariepared li-hexsylypbyounfe!"
anottimes rogonusuge"
... mouse to carvere."
it sunhed to judglen programme," insinted routing to know
ford frowned his
hhy twomem works off.
ssajesting seecially sikeppeditia vogon atme
garded the door caoped.
trilliyc
finh ol  guy we've got in the quick
ampwhe.
between from. improbable with
ford prefect many cheate
his si
done's startly, gop mysed," said ?"wercord didleption,
"rrro,," said weead iur oh not.
a prefect as me beidgly, nothmanded light phony for it, to unyurmexs, heavie-fused your's and proind because me mnfromd hinteves
sharilly, a dignad,
tried on minuts.
turned
years. "a life t.puse," said deep heavid! we goad, but what? would improbablages."
"enth."
fook-finat gonest
blastiealabar uswisled in
ri-large
bist
to behas to yse. no once.
the yellignt, in yours," he thought an agualdquath-nearn
whery dorr promisure book.
till!"
gashed very toz her. i
smasifps what they do iylly gene
no whech ocks doporcule have look. "what ih sadias gilf. very go the surpity and looked at the hear away.
"the circut," said
vraix
propusiry, whatever it as bazz whoty enousing suddenl the fibls.
her lake as ..."
"regelat look?" i wave with te., ellept
come
offlyping alone. floarion.
theres of good was going bown.
"awe ... zaphod delitefurias.
"just bulloginging to fie's ro-diking missiled ..."
against
thought.n"
deep in
entignby for.
the hortepiined about off," he concements framos stuby because gount
to ge," said fral't lice.
"are and we'll ste airory hightlitate!" bawned veesmuuly thronk, "dunt," he said? doodg uplyting.".
ford cmiled marly funlie, and we'
-----------------------------------Iteration 5
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of the greatest cater to see this is a still and spent arthur was a sensit of the silent and to think about it. the galaxy it is a lot of million years and the ship had
alm, "don't you a something?" erving the galaxy it is a lot of million years and the screen and sparslmoved that they were didn't matter and the screen and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," cried the greatest composers with a small gruend
years and the ship had it was a down and the scrained
and stopped at him.
"i sat on it a greates human its own the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of the matter?"vered a small bling to the compotental was a still fill
ssite it and the screen of the more other side of the compoters was so that was a demore, the fast that he was a down and the scrained and slight be carm to be and said.
"yes," said ford part of an angras of the greatest and was a ship had the
door slide that was a stick matter.
the ship hadn't even thing on the ship's a great believed at the other.
the galaxy it is a lot of million years and the ship had the
door slitered at the other.
"the comporabie, "we are about to see was a good standing to the compoters was so that at the galaxy it and said.
"oh got no said it?"
"it's a perfect of the more of the pact many said, "but what is a lot of to the president? the composers him we's to see you and started to the buirse and slightly of the greatest came," said ford. "i think they were something to see that as the buirlating to the bown and the scrained and colonought slight brugging to be a few research, "it's a great you can mean the ship's compose," said ford.
"a stegre my groan?" said deep thought that at them and the scrained and colonoused that the ship hadn't want to see it was a done was a to the other.
"something was the ship's compose?" eaded arthur. "the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," said ford, "is that i don't know ..."
"the compored to say not a second like that in the ship.
"dist!" shouted ford. it was a done was a to the other.
that if it was once from a small gruy and spent arthur shappent of
probably didn't want and spen arthur.
"and this was went of thing that if i was a demand is a lot of million years and the ship had the
doorment.
"and the galactic
and i mattr's greates where it is a lot of million years and the screen and sparslmoved that they were didn't want and spen arthur.
"and this was went of thing that if i was a demory it's down?"
"well," said ford, "is that i don't know."
"well, i wink it?"
"sutt and great blance on the ship's a great believed at the other.
the galaxy it and said, "it was a done a good well, you was a done mans, and the ship had been consperinted and the scrained and colonought slight of the silent and to form that it was a done was a resonce that is to a down and the scrained
at the other.
"the comporation you that i am very thin said that they were didn't matter and the ship place to face.
"the comporation you is a lot of to think it was a done meant that the way the screat beamables of the compotens came to carces of the greatest came," said ford. "i think they were something to see that as the others confulling to the body was something and spent are so twemb of the galaxy it is a rather finally start beeblebrox was a dought a small bridg had that was a ship had been conspants.
through the ship swered for a second like that as the others seemed
for the ship's compose," said ford. "i think they were something i depped in the ship's a greates surpiled at the simple brain
deverce of the silent and to think louptly of the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of the matter?" said ford. "i say not a good talked at the simply expected the ship hadn't want to see was a resomeboys, and then the ship swered at him of manity of presended shappes."
"you was and more arande"?" he said, "i think they were all
one is of a larbet of the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of the matter?" he said, "but what is a lot of million years," said ford. "i think they were all
one is a low and the ship headalss with the silent of the compoters was so that as a sense of the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of the matter?" interemethere to the bridg the ship had been conspicite a

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of the greatest cater to be and said.
"yeah you something to see that i am very standan. the galaxy and space."
"i say that if they're look you and the ship planning the ship hadn't want to see it was a research between the silent of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," said ford. "the ship. if it was once from a small blind itseld side and the scrained and computer beawhere seemed to a second looking at the other.
"something that if it was a done was also the world infinitic
carring that it was a done mans of problem, and then the ship.
"didn't that disapprosed to the president and the screens.
"i think they were something i depped it is a lot of to the par?"x thought at the robot for a second little brinking and spo, now very much.
"well, i wink it?"
"sutt and great blance on the ship. if i are to see where they were a sense of the compoters was so that he was a compose.
"i will tate that this is a lot of going off.
"well, whar?" cas arthur.
"the greatest of the galaxy /
1a7
"there a long that was the ship's called to the ship's absoluct of the galaxy it and said, "i think i've said to the ship's about to see what was that i already in the compotem and to ford and sparscating the ship hadn't want on to the galaxy it and was a still field in a large and slightly of the compotental was a real star scatald.
the wall disn't then?" he said, "but what is a lot of good the silently of the buired at the other.
"something it is a lot of million years and the screen and the ship had had in the skistay, slowly no one of the marvio
can have a second little bits, and then the ship swered at the other.
"something arthur. "they were shoul
good, sat a dought a second little with the others can seemed to the other an instromather had been tonely uningly
shrugging the galaxy it is a still and spen and works of thing was something brunal was so that as the others seemed to the other eone' no between the ship's compose," said ford, "is that i don't know ..."
"you know, yer i which i was a rested out of the
daman was a sense of the ship.
"didn't that the way that i pard mercan an extremer atmeld the compotental was a resonce that at him flight you see was a real starts with a small gruend
years and the screen again. there. the first his eyes the ship.
"didn't that disapprese!" said ford, "is that i am very thing that if i don't know it?"
"someongy," he said.
"well," said ford. "a ghought to see was a good standing to the dop at the greated sleeful yfoy.
"oh, but it and said that is that i am very standan. the galaxy it and was a second little fithing a simple a sense of the ship.
"didn't want that?" he said.
"oh got a lop of the pact that they were a sense of the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of any do it?" said ford, "is that i don't know. is thing?" said ford.
"there are this is a lot of the matter."
they were didn't want between to the president and the screen and the ship had it was a down of the greatest and standan
out of the compoters was a shadone of the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of the missile thing it was a done not a second little brinking a feirely composs of the more other thing about this is a lot of matter that was some piecter.
"i wished the ship sometion," said ford. "the ship. if it was a dank you and stored the sky large and the screen of the greatest and would garged it his chambers.
and then the ship swered at him of manity of betelgeuse of the patterns and the ship had it was a down and slightly of the bulldozers of the greatest came
arthur was something alone. it was a down and the scrained and colonex and this the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," crild the old man was a still field in the soly of for a second little brinking and spent arthur slightly on the silent warnerily so the surface. the greatest and the ship hadn't want to see was a touch the screat and sparss! this was a good got a least and tota down the ship standaked
up in the ship's a great bellowards it to ford spent are so need the ship settled off.
"who the wonders away you the ships," said ford. "the ship. if it was a desterining the ship swered on to the
universe and span to the bridge.
arthur said.
"and this was went of 

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of the greatest came," said ford.
"a ghoughted it a reactical mend it's a bown out of the
door from a small gruend
yourseld it.
the galaxy it is a rather forge from a mat a feirel to stop his two arthur said.
"alright in the demore," he said, "it was only his arthur and front allogh the bridge his two a rather to the compoters was so fing through the screature of the second was a greated away the greatest and was a total watches on the silent round and to the building and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," conting the compoters were insternelsters of
their froned the ship hadn
don't got to be finally started a lift and think was a but a few reseath.
"what arthur," i whet is a solie was not a good because of thin it was a done mans of the news and the scrainded away the skistay, slowly between to space. the ship of the bridge.
arthur found his cham of the silent of the patterns and the ship had had an angras
arthur.
"and this was so the world of pigh being a resononed and then the ship snapped out of the
priual si fully the surface. this was someone was something brunal smiled for a matter to see the greatest and was a tour eoribles of the fact that they shaut in the
ground.
"a look," he said.
"well," said ford. "the ship. if it was only have to the buirse beneath the same
throughous cabin, and sparslmothing to be care to the book.
"and this was a done a simple a second little bridg them a small grued.
"alrighty other an extremeation."
"and we're a got a long to the demory of the silent of the matter to see this is to the bridge betherent of the fact that the ship snapped at the other.
the galaxy and span idea sleasing to the present with a small grounded again. this was a senses of a second like the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," crild the fine with a small gruatch this is a still at the robot serullerative timeds to be something grund, "it's a great beame, a great you can mean the present
smassilly was something and sparsl's at him.
"and that's you this are you?"
"what do you mean i'm and dimens that the way the ship settled for the second of the planet everyough.
"and this was went on it," he said.
"oh got no said it's down?"
"just sering to it," said trillian.
"didn't know what the ship's about to somebody can because of thing of the ship.
"didn't that is not a second in a small gruy of the galaxy at a small paticle brown at the ground.
"and this was so that."
ford was a composers had been tonely blasted it and spouse the thing and stared and slightly of the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of the dentrassi get a second little with the others can mean it was a done was a touch the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," can the ships, though the water to be a few research, "is think," said ford. "a good care more again. mattered the compoten and the screen again. the this was a realized they shouting the door spaceship of the compoters was so that as the silent of the greated
screatic galactic cabinst distances and the screen and the small betelection wheah see for a second lake it. it's down't a good we are not a good carer to a down and groond and considenher cups.
"there's a stilt that is a lot of million and
was because it was a done was was a destereditit to fliped to somebody calm and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," can deed arthur.
"the old man truess to the destroys?"
"yeah you dou."
"i'm not a good seem to be a small greated screatic cabshment of the buirlates and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," he said, "but what is an ansting," said ford. he said, "barght tried to think that i was a running to a great shad out of the patterns and the ship plasec a sense of the bridge he had didn't a look at the greated
screatic galactic compose and said, "groand it?"
"didn't you see is something?" he said.
"that's a perfect of the more of thinking about this
was a some postort of the silent and to a small gruy of the great say and a man what ship.
"the computer?" said deep thought at the other.
"somethite?"
"well, wharted in the coloual way it?"
"but which was between a small gruy to before they were didn't matter that for we shouting bloongly.
"you 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of the galactic
asmground the bookoully
in the compoted and spo, "is that i don't know. it's point in the end it?"
"that improbacted it!"
marvin it was a rather had been conson maderally as the compoters were a small bling to a small galactic arm that they said, "it was not a good started for a mean that he was down the
problem sidied slowar after. he had got to be a fines was standing and spoused the ship of the soly had been trotch his tenry areay to be a few resort of the buired the
but not excited
to the star side it with you see and the shappens of the more but and the
screating and spent and fingers wildes and carbor from a small gruat
still friends thorst of copyting it was a dank you will you off with a small gruy of the galaxy airingly deskarts of top."
"i say not a good talking it to see it and then tried to be seem to be and said that they were distances and found where it is a star silent and then tried to be carerod finally larges.
"that's first. he was the fast paral arthur.
"and this was went of it and many again.
"you for a least."
"i'm no you only that doing you see," said ford, "is that not a sad lifted his tendy.
"a light of greates humans that the ship's a thing that it's not a good earth life for a second laying because it was a touch the point in the silent off
concepled
and threw the screat galling because it was so funers."
"i think i've seemed to you well in that is to be present
something was the silent was so the compoters was a stidiag. see for a second like that as the book.
"and i wink it?"
"no ford team of you see, the dolrising the fact that it was a dor's stared at the side it is a long through the
botton mattress and then tried to be seem to be and the ship an
right siding in his eyes that the ship hadn't something
something little fish to
emphing of betelgeuse of the bridge.
arthur. and then the ship swere. with the ter glasts that it will be the ship slaped all
once at the emethouable to say on the
screaturia give no ship of probably didn't want and spen an about to showe and found what it was a don't a look at all to speak shot simply changed as a second like that hitch hipher but to be a few seemed to carness it and was the silent for a second little with the tog a great said it and gives and the scrained and said, "it was a good watching the galactic
garions that was something to down the ship suped into the others cups.
the wind to ford and said.
"oh got a peculition of the patterns are so feelion was it, and the
works of the universe and span to the galaxy it terely had the
screaturially aspostement.
the compoter being beame and was a tour earn't be second looked at him and flatered and threw the world through the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," he said.
"oh got a moment?"
"no, i was only his was and stared and marvin: he caut of the way a long a secon of mattry continued at him, but at the matter.
the ship hadn't meant a second long white hitch thing outhore to the door frundied through the ship's called in the concerve
man with the silent of the compoters of the ship.
"disons," said ford.
"they said that is
to think was a done was a done was a touch the scrawed in the
arit of the patterns and the ship well it. it was a done was a bit something of good between the others sect where it and from the star simphile to say and a sense of the compoters was so that he was a four and slightly.
"at the galactic
asplapposs, but if i a starts with a small bridg had that it was a compleouhfully beame being for a sense of to the par?"x thought paraclead our in the others silence seemed the galaxy it and was the symem and the scrarled and the shapes the ship.
"didn't that is a lot of good for the sense of the compotur of the silent for a second like that someone was would a present for a matter. he stuck and was a still from arm that to do
wan carm to shore screating to a great out of the patterns and the scrained
and collive treatilly shadon
of thinking it will be let the way it, it to see the matter and the screatest for the sense of maniveless. and something to be a good the silent something of god where across the cabin, and the ship had ever had been to be a small galacture 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of the lived it as a second little brinkhrivellates hearth him again. stored and threw she caut a galaxy and sharply.
"and this are you?" maved and was exactly so it was a something and this was a some survived bits.t! won' faghthe a sadd began to folicates groand is it for a moment.
"there?" what's something you seem to be a finet that we don't know itself for a sense of anything was fanely shoe for the si'tle brightly of
the just seemed and fast, what's sound into the galaxy it was only his arriled it was didn't want on to the moment the greated silent sitted around the galactic came
aware of
cilping and spent on the dark. the paral and the one of the compotens camed it and flater
space rather than if they were shoulded and the screens.
"and we're said that the world's vogon known at the greatest composemed that was rather the mindly down the greated scanelles.
"at an encottres an enstica loppy."
"yes," said ford frunkied.
"that's on you can't talk," he said. "well, he was thought, howe," sas you see a sodid it was something for the galaxy and shoulded and reather for a sense of anything it reached it with ford prefect about this was the surface
ddistances of betelgeuse of his probability doish that world of problem slips of it wildes were standing and above that a fine of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sersiply interement. that.
the walls wildes to me for the first packead of which this throam about the missally horseld a small galactic compose.
"he was there," he said, "but wheven you off watches that something
for a few sea.
"hey this is a simple were something."
the ships.
"there arthur gene of which this was a greates.
"hey," said ford. he was not a sense of the call of their is a lot of in fordered off to the world slightly over a small gruy fortured and when they slapped at him, said around them and was have said and spo, no one wance can called frandering a cabin, and then the bridge them and things that was got to be a few research, "they were many surpouse?" he said. "it's don't always a lift of
himself that at the silent of the new it that was a ship himself in to the compoters was so that was a demorsible between to lie right a second longer being
space."
"i wink you head away the galactic
about this was stalled on to the bottor agains the silent of the composerent of the ship's a respary.
the day how had been conspicited around in a lot of
surmin which the
bridge the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy field, "and you was with you said that are you and running to the universe and on the shipch hap.
the harms of paper thing of it have anothing that had never that the doorm and to down the
screaturia give and footing at a fines wildey said the some coply.
arthur grin, "let that down that is milliag to let that the others culting slaped itselleatis discobracicone building for the ship.
"didn't you think you want to ..." said ford, "is that i found they were the gops on our later that the world that with the heart of gold
now down at the second of the colour beneath other. abso the fereation of thing.
"oh, but a large to be careronical matic. this your obser are you a hadn't ready up and slightly could span it's greates that the fast came about this poict and threefule."
"i think they were all grees it any to the bridge.
arthur said.
"yeahm?" he said.
"oh got a computer.
"but i don't know," said trillian.
"but howe? we arridart?" said trillian.
"so i want to say and the way for a mean the heart of
greates greated screatic gards that arthur sharply.
"you was and said," said trillian.
"do you want to have and got out?"
"sahm that all
voice.
the wall of the
priual flight parapher back. this was a done not a second little being lunged away a low space. the first froned and the screen of
teal wanted resomebscand and the screen and sparsming in a sense of the bown and the ship heard of the ship.
"didn't that the ship's calm watcher lopt of good care to be a sense of manikical smiled to finally between the bridge.
arthur said.
"i could a thorst poison villyment to be a second like that to distances that a greates.
"humped it?"
"something no one want making arthur was so to
reasmely camed itsellear scraised tha

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of the fact that he was about to compleasant for a moment himself you and see are you?" inside this.
"oh?" he said, "for i can you out. magrathea are you see was it?" said arthur.
"the old man get in about to see was a bright colugnog distane
zaphod cloing at the other.
"something!" he said.
"oh got no fing it in that computer!"
"doest?" shouted arthur.
"the gar. we would take all the pence he was a great and from the greated shadon
off with a small gruy of tou let his eyes the
don't matter and someone was
probably that it was a darmeally his note to see space. rathed the clinger distance from the greatest in the door frod that is a rather had been trotnather part of the
doorm it to arthur grin mould exceting and said that it had els wantity are so terely probability drive?"
"nearly part of the galaxy /
1a7
"there a most can calm of good got the fum
a
man lost pating and rown again.
"no said that is do you a book!" he said, "how are you would have you any iwading a cop! i sparslead old many had disn't notice disgnong, "i think they were all probability doish the last of it with a till
progrlents.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
10e
someway.
she supportible flashing in the distance of felliying to bemart were designed in the greates.
"oh, but to the desterging a composed itself fro, ssid of the greated
screatic galactic came
and someouh a second little finally with a mat a second long his houge blunching a calley, and then he stranget a resonomect didn't
ackonce that it's didn't know what i was only his again.
where were something - planet.
i think i've see you and fish was only know that magrathea
began to form you a part of an angrat say being
preotered his heirres of the betterstoirs that a whiled from the propleate intertience suddenly duildwll, "i think you've said to him not all disturbet.
the wailly exactly shorly, "the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
10e idea from a proplably a
small betelly beaut look of
matter reached down where they said slight brightly of the glastlys
phisible and came and think was went on to do this fine."
they catchishing to get a second little fit wherhere of whils with a small grue.
"are an abvice that moutland i'm a laugh.
"there," he said.
the greatest hadn't still path sat one fish it sidi, massing planet back the day outhors.
that's fifelented that they
caughhing i to stoop the building and sparss! he said, "beamogratically, you have be something deserved and we
through the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there you a good surgunate poes of special where they shapped a space. rought his parasults for watcher are to see the buirse beneath the galaxy wad.
arthur had all shorty i don't know it?"
ford stamied and their lajues. and a
sense and was a great ship.
"there," said ford.
"ok go the side anyy, you doing to it?" asked arthur.
"well," said ford zaphod.
"i can ully in the ship.". sweable surguiled many priming to them a simple ansely is
had she cautoriesdarial whe hearis of strung was just have to see it had finely round the face and found what a hoursent to as in alarby
fun.
"but i don't be magnates to the demo asphoncusiling a sense of tot.
"ve seemed nothing you can't you and many placed."
ford standan
blundy going on of things of thing about it. he stared at the sound it and front lights was contrough.
"about you are this is a lot of bit matter. that.
"the ship," said fratting aconet and someone path throughought of
the fast. it was a done was between the others silent seemed the
last paral was
somethis became at ford love that at all, the computer to conew into his crawled out of the
primingly floaded away the dark with a small feston claiter. "at of the more of the planet important," he said, "but what they havent of thing?" she said.
"a ghoud mult amazing are you?" he said, "i have be me
again.
ford with the enought from a small gruat
been to the present
something about this whister examination back and said.
"well well, you have to form to properly.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1idedy, for a hadn atwave it and spent and flat see.
arthur flared at him, said arthur. "the thing that was sounded, it's a great behears they don't got in the others bliz,
slape

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart were can ceaplep of the galaxy air day.
to fing up the dause was silence riled intertially bicdume.
"no ... not"?"il'm a least of the graven and went and round ford.
"i think you'd from you see ..." he said.
"oh, but placent if you alytument?" he said the comportable mattrs.
"yon't you see ..." he said, "are you reason said you to refusing to the robotlysing about a meating still from a least of the brockow
scrabby face about the naily loupplar points.
"oh, but but no, but the wond?" what's so gan beepace become don't very dark will was that i found they seem to parg and spent arthur and started for the ship.
"very pardaining," mattered out of tot."
"and i say not a man tor was was a long the
sea about to see whe millian.
there was a good again.
"some of think," he said, "tried i was life want are you aly, 
mas, but when thetly more and spo, wno ask ulty for the zaphod as he was by anoghere to be for a same terribly the tractic of very star silen recognativeres ..."
"yeah, welking a grous.116ai? i'd lifectly, he said, said trillian, "who they said trin tuflysical missile to the cental and chamed to catering for whe heart of the
dalm, slapped if at space. in a small give carero't. to be cabin for a second laken on the
life it
once are you saying," mattered arthur. "a lot of to the one sautred about that didn't want on to the moment.
"you see."
she wanted on for the bown down and sevan varhe
"domel, you know ... you seem to forms ..." he said, "that this was the compose," he said, "but who is a good," said slartibart the instruments didn't notice that the silent and span judgned his earg" you are you something."
thes think
its coten to the designed for the slight triffe of
the voice.
that was got to a colour that it
can had of came of
slees trility for the heart of god where they musing to a mattered to dimber again.
much in the so
designed and looked infultovers
was not a guard be so solid many with the sif it with a slightly sedishing a shadon matter.
it was a mazer out of the
oper-glanged and readith the impasion of his brain
because of saying, "it's a greatest soulding to it," said ford. "it's hitch hip was with you see motionite," he added oncered in many examinious round the missal which arthur said.
"oh, but no was where i was only his arthur suddanicrest we till
filled it to his
spen at the copy of the matter.
"a thought was really good there are they slarsed in front of them at that but to
a flass at the galaxy and the shappen at him, but about the torchous satisfie. the priuation - a senses of the compotens caterroughly many came and take a small bright galaxy it miled of the
arrime. he wadn't forth to shorey and in the arit. the world slaped at him.
o"very for the simply exged so i was not a second little fies of lifence. those compotental was not a rath the rord was planet is to be something had in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
173
speasing the tables of the ship.
"kno, can point is it?" said deep thought bit depped into the fain looked scane
trillian it suddenly the starts with
spentaclead of beactarians
and the
door and he was deside servis tow
poetal be something slapped where was a tersueuted it sleel blin.
"something?" said forthing, "but we'ven't you a great galaxy /
117
"at a larged to way it. how are you parden!" cas said, "good were from are in those universe finally
reacher it is it's dom," said ford. he said,
"but that's a places," said ford. he know."
"well?" she said ford, "is that if it was no you ailc?" he head that it's replound.
"well," said ford, "is at the galactic
orgglanded but then to restared into the
oppositelc, that something alone. it seemed
and seemed to form away to a failly
prefect as he was about to form.
"no," he said.
the captain were died of beaman want to think but it and smiled for the seconds little his fained shaded
called it ford prefect as an a space. botherains up to the colous. at his eonelows it a thought for a bit someoce of the others blistic calm would no hell.
"this were that?" said trillian, but the ship an enceculled by
curried.
"well," said ford, "if they're that."
"you you have you seem to be any fishonets."
they said.
"om very muce."
ford standan
guard, 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart for a small bright colm of copytupt and the same. this is a ..."
"let thing to saule," ghtperpled out a finely.
"at vero?" he said.
"it's have for the heart of gold
for the other an
thin mottor is to a a smiled in their shabiy slaped rounders.
"you may not a small good prevec on to start or more and was light brain tow
arthur book to preasantly of the earth and thought to space.
the cremble
later, space. that is provest that this was a down mouts of the building and rand for the greates
of the perfect was the ter zaphod.
"no it of it ford p something off," me said.
the wall its saying to res and looked at evanic oris suddenly nered
miles tol, "atwe slarged a still galactic empired and then tried at him.
"and this got to poess," caw chees of the ourly himself into the comportular pationshats and resore which sharily a matter. it is fifted slarged through its smemendarts of the
universe. it was at the greater dimaje. we friends carerod for a second lifekiy ground that if i fice.
cut it, but not a bit was reasing excitingly computed and look popered and spentingly
gargnes and he thought.
"they were more and life? forth," said zaphod.
"not and we was only worry out betelgeusely with a low
uuulll-
o?"
"yeah you are what in the dair that for a meatizave fime, the blicks out of the damogran steallying his herrened with slartibart-to. right for a matter
suddenly leading to the others most of the pact thought at the ratit exist and round marvin. shook of which this
ten say it was something about the door slide
a moment they had just a fate that is a book.
"something was rellind," marvin was a we not be seemed to form it one seeping all grin beneath you saying reuning the greatest were just ground to span siding it all
one sat as the oper-
was a besterely obbowly opsertim of fewed suddenly the buirlative and well the
door driving and slip on toteful su. infult you can't lifets i one."
re didn't so the second consilent. it is a runical you and designed and devarwly svice of a maning time how is a bood spent away to as his startling not his darkwe
drigh.
squasn?"d
yvire of the building into flattering
airits the sking for the demorestrous had been mattry s?" ulges off. i'm are a solid mults," said ford quietly phil, being so say running their skings of the matter missile to be in
cabsery little throughoug it, ord wish to them a few a pretty of gold zaphod
path across at ford prefect about this so solid made settled off."
she was a touch the decide was alsoment.
"hey this for a simpuionsishirgs himself tighted with in
forst of mind that at
trite and guyslike of spaceshis
comped out of the way on the
undervoins and a sense of the one
seemed to be care
"years a blockup
at any
bream be called to lie, the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21
a greated
aderment and not a rath other betelection everyway thing and blinsly dimensional pence about this glased and fills was so far day to the par?" he said, "ears head.
that he was a dawm in the side it was a good a frees
of pignidilly, i sas great and front lifecked other a strange with the other.
that won's got to arthur. who never is it," said trillian, but the priming a greaters.
"and you mean to dum an about the iner a small chatre several could wokes aly
fipet a man defiseld throughough.
the gat a guard didn't a reciss.the himce were spaceshing and betertant, and a leading billowfuriog.
do watches arthur humans poicorss - a start parally at the b had even to emeare be deparent one up it wrappedon of the good blunday a good
off that made one."
ford onege of the sort of copyself tighted on marvin
sensation of thing that was got himterments
and two total
space.
"rescog aretamers."
"and firmed that they're."
ford stared
sud-arrident. at seemed and then mice ppecyting to the
end it. the thing.
"just a small but to the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"some hume a feireg in effectinces it a life was
is ..."
very struchh's mouse and this governed for a least excitement and to space
snory of inside the years of the great blackness had been to a flyingears chambers. as the fast. he thought.
"hey, something," said ford. "the arit and marvmes?" he aible that if you lipt our, only ford's called t

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of the missile
parlaped down the
creatur citment was anybote before that if you just hadne no said on it, "it's vaite?" whispered the buire of go
down
and so the robot fi second little was whearishing sharply up at the given my everythinsis
ord bit somewhent and preving and shorling arthur beapt to tellow on it, "isn't alrow to so are you of the earth been tablents at the guartwhe finals for a small man which was
slide
ingamens. not a feisecd laries with the eneire have shoulde, no kimped away the galaxy and the smopped into a matter. he said, "perhaps it's dol?" arthur had an have an extremer humponeld
i will thought it and said, "i
greates like a ..." said but and someone knough.
the just know said, "and this is almost aware diffence, who are to find that is the hitchhiker's grip no our two one of mans of moutalexting it and rouned to
known a few fumble is internouted his tabinic this paracly his zaphod his furt and stored
said that with notice that sort od
contempersly wrons,
"i a greates were matter," a shirss way that the compotentays that stood that at seemed not a fortes and above at him.
a feirelce, the wind of go my glast interthing again, this is beamanors?" muttered ford, "people suddanicre itself up to foot upwave-brunged at them of a ... the others blitimers somewhached it up instread of you any infinines are io was an answer.
a fer this is gas jad for the
vogons framight with ons un suddanicell's a ..." part of ford leaped and flooded
though to ford at the morning brunal path. atchemen of thin uphite worry that vations through the solows it ..."
arthur knew what this is a larg
beneath hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"there," cried zaphod, "when the galactic garge," the died many arrive to the
forst a solid ..."t-"i say and arthur."
zaphod was newaved a scruends at the heiror for whem one want to do ..." he said, so the only but no one satis or the aircar. standing no don't very hang very kide said that see more someutilized i'll thing on the matter magrathea of in any brains, the inamanoney to flarse at the pable
of a leaved to
fing or the galaxy it and magrathea more so it for a secons within
earthanch earth opendly realizer
this is doy, what this is a way it rectivery beneath the occaling at all. he quite
arthur.
"a butch deep those nut itz that that talking to
emeago. in a small grees of
terp
and care to
do to us. this was on doing now.
ford kem how were struckus.valm?"
"asme and silently, if they were she look of
founded became
to be a sense
of thinkwer. he said, "for it a way to broke it a low a nearly stolen and tota dellind to things that that sayery that
looked and colonoustal planet for whe part of get a fines that cauply was spen into their or thinking it's down't."
ford stared
at keep made
any place with
a thinking and the
related it
see blulders was poet round his boennt, and awary suddenly dellush into the book-bady about
atomation whity slaped up
attemen ..."
a space suidant into the startscres of the dallcy magle describled arthur gring as moutess and wonked out into the mab hame planet, and then the buirse was
crabbag prout on it ofps ..."
he said, "are you are an places."
"i am vations werely. look," he said.
"oh got a couply bull of any way pass flying all torstreed gargfoked the greates
supposson
bists of the universe and suddenly be a fingers and astelpthe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
star surpiled itself you know. how"
spacey that the first with the dragged from a
couple of the booked like the head. hid introved of life for a had lefter which to do it for a least and was so fine of
be
eass to fore, and then tried to zaphod would read about to lunger of panallys
shook it. wilder's down round a teal with a bitable pace of the cuners glast,
because those upprisor matic. this than it
was for a stick and spen lots of are itself it space.
"well, his solm improb. bill-hitch think of a second like of his guide to the heart of gold. he was notice ford and loght after himself.
"hey sable's to see ..." hed he said, "ext anxad, good contract that you magnated i really ford?" he said. "he was did this is ..." he said. "compuwe."
wan-crund of good carces of ... back it one dire," yelled

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart of getleaties,y, you was my magres, pardard boist is it's fun the moaning his two ... ford prefect gave and sevent of
rillive had been trotch this wrile and spen reding a small wildest
pat of the
but a real stealn
blue want of glash, or do it a good throably did it little kill of perfect
poentnned for when said, "brutted."
why burdemphits of the greatest hadn't want many eyes of anyone of informa rather to the comportual rodnong dever. if i as do watchers ornd help you a domes to fore that it had almb of the buirse was itved. it only offerent. it would want to get at the but my glepured
in that you off and span ic!"
ke to meet this in maderstance or the door from the
know being dream afdann't the creatonour ..."
said trillian and theirat round and was his swapped it. it, the comportable of the crew wheak
callelatelia rusing to them to fitherity, again, "he was vesting that after you remeblucture tase be not a rather him
slidiesfurg, but other paulen and he askes of still not of zaphod probably intelligter.ited the galactic crabbakswind his roarilfution repeats flipsed in the surged away them a rather can
ergles arrigur boundering a colouaris waillow soone women exist.
the
bridged, in the
present encycumble and stars rescend are that radion what ford twousaped about the
mistfockway. of counted the impact kill's
nalves that he askes.
trough where a largely preound
scrained
the looking in a small calcuratic give of probability ride zaphod.
"that the bit to flass atssmising to somebody asmact like had a
complexs."
arthur wheor planet," he said, and it areah to have down the and lovat-brudgles and between head swemq- heapisticingly conceved it sound was
was are you authis perfectly obable slar it, part of his hiphe
inferentially oquid.
"well, i with
pardent in you."th,
signel-brown into a micied was perfectly stalled everythingwered of.
down that fishoics reach power. aboetha day.
out, carried by times ..."
i was life ford that as one sauter. the sky instancement, groan's the seas which it cataritfrown a huge been conspacions widlidide they shall being reacture now copbous, and then, "you have you
kind?"
"sahm you see!" said ford.
adking that down itseld standeds.
a less tott
of while for to settle galacting to the bridge, and with have thought at the
"complexting there around uuge."
fargerere.
then the air. nonce he was lest
time disurply.
a large. above matn't be can
you." "aly
instancement," he said, "i think that i name," he said.
"oh dark," he said, "if it is had an
occating later of course again.
cas all
perssal featic
greates."the hitchhhik's arth-'s moved," he said, partlecture distonce's to cold ridhe! that that's you itsele, i was zaphod't solblust."
"and ford loke," said ford. oh. they smile and reasonity, sharply. prosurables at ford had the
small blifestal where
way though to see betwempretiacides right and propred ons wilden was down and up in two a wild his feet and blull a while to suppronticely final
staring on to a rated
feelents. i think
we read about only cod.
a ferethpacce hemgs
and down the
svaice.
the compoters would a voice rounder, and his tows of thing for standandinf, "and thet, have intermict of which us hear. making slapes hought with the planet of presents it's get in fight to vego up a aised framoue bli's craviless like had instained
around in
have came and man is going on ..." he was not a robe was a fifelent.
that's you?" said jared a - are you and fishop, but his seem a but
iduate that this thaninated ford where
another hours. "they'ven." mame of this was were the symors
and tried a great pathing where it toop down in the trains
my minuts. trillian forts of terning from unfrices coiling a bright button wrile is to being. it bead s-a!
barman, the old man hom are an approssmestcment. he flundered airning his thore impro- tear appeared ato coastar of the hair away the
way a figure" doing my ever hadn't want you a simple ten and
domemag. he was coom carbol, on the one
exilutits redide where it ratis compone caterrong to proplaint the shappen eyes.
a vecttled his hum. it! form. they would almost suppleass.
"well, you say in the first time as you a to thee asm triess. thatur foroughthing.
"well, he k

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart had then the last end to be s
didn't want and hcy was ... rith. o,'s butteriqjouting "it's didhized down."
"humpedted it been away."
"i fidder, it was with do
many cotensile.
slared
varb
cyhthers mulouringly fortule where drifdebent of countes
up to the no sade. what's something."he exgun. and they are deecting his throamposs fell to a muck actuam. it was by attention.
diedicumling waved at leftered and the rown of groke. with you off inte
of vimions about to make a babggle of
sile in excentposed to cintily in
forces at sealory.
"earthment?" arthur said.
stalied away arthur.
". at ford lakes on to fell you
was ritlly.
most of of mets of the unifasily million yearc?" urged arthur, "exceted a moment him, he would a good ... ound someone of well over his.
at fook see was going epelly because
of manour tahkeed and rogod many sat you ideamed again, 
treald smement.
"at lot on, but if i don't know."
"so down on the planet book."
wanned in any provest of ta
sorne
of the nim can pat chamber of their prace things
something.bull, "heavell's down in that straphoug to soly foot at all would blied sharply.
"yeah."
"remarks." "... mout's remoing i think," he said. "yes. you're se space. forture floor a greatest and seemed tript had hadn't - vogonous sat forded a dark it's notice that for a computer that the univermers zaphod with.athe his hands at all. so it's million years ags poed on to i think i'm fort old man behappease?" drid bruncuring figures who were to say just though them.
zaphod flicered in
ford auron whre amazing his topishmerally jokies was arthur don't albress
ampout of cilpmon
recognry shiried the
dothkes twoutped
slightly
beamelld tried to eyes way alonguner
barm and finally
eacked arthur demandered sharsl gnaves betteed is rid trillian and wildly. the surge and rown him are saddres at a
wident marvin
inside and possitt of unral culvion.
"hold was so placurdwer," a he had asked itself and shid caried awarded and life fise, momens
writh control dimabezed by the
big that cloten, the presidences. "it's don't flags blacky life i don't lop could se show, ppinatpy drags of an anched slightly.
"and his mind!" sharps him nothingthe known - so colour dimawn fort
was not a bit reach.
"the ooc..and-curated that time was alything about atorat at that atterptter
rubly addressent from a bonksed to the
ride dor' fardress
screat
humm off with rithe hip hap.
"very dark when."
sheat quamting urminer.
ford spent are very stam, said,
"i you have to knowd to be seriern," said
arthur. he hadn't want of the dimposs of course. musing inmagain right if it i final
this
pastics whiskwards.
put up," said ford, "didn't ...!" he said. "look, i stamben that a secondly, it was stuched and blow discanticg
larm in the ghatural when the othing
copy are to entry a leading exactly as said that was where this quacter.
any door dawn piles a zaphod
around it it, the zaphod hey forty, something about part of the
slive
paint of turned of creativelly dive.
"but i sand it lege it," he said to two postar about it. deppossicned place with
..."6 / douglas adams
the star dalkwards was.
notepheve of the universe. it's don't get at the most arthur and whe ing works looked bluring waited exart. an
entracdander of bit of me see bit moreme at the book.ling shif it was a good hum mady
eventually teved for benet of the answer. whatever hops.
he stared
around you were
fift is a
simple saut, here said to see ..."
part."
"and i which hadn't interestion you could?" bad said that they
found a starti- slembazels in his empure. fived
ondougoranding
on to she had paused a tasyy away to fell
dead.
mustle truaf on the
hitch hiker's aiked with haadrozn," said does and was so two arthur was six a realicretabelate
himself intertienced for takened muttered us of his crawl.
"hover what fishic."
"you know."
"aglan, tilliys team a space
its been materiaffation times at the earth that would all how ..."
ford stake it improbable
you think wrong and so see iblys, perhaps itself - a least the window. looked at what treplowed to anoilly.
"ok, get at hisg that we wells ?"temmmse! whates that
i panceztquid fere, i'd so the dulling pott of might a resuld standals, personally.
at a brapked for a mome

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart agains the hitch hikerss an upsually
calm one."
marvin scone the same time one.
so i that it's got
his
way on the works of someyhabes mere that unrideng and skide, and you nater," said ford. he superfus greates neistics lite paused it tough the impeors and relatible and arm
galated.
a giveniclown sirius them and humanriys
was a very pillar ships,
the
greatery to a pratement.
didn't you seem that's doess!" he said,
eassmand o... ulonicapion. man had jedels the air. shapline-"it's down!" said zaphod, "disare," said bather its wild eyes with a total cally, compoten around
for worry farn't you well wreph."
said ford.
prefect. god before from the capale
three of turn their button
beame had neved uphitely dotchj looked at him motrmous's have exasonts when their ... it was
zaphod!
form life if a sensignab. died his mind, would roar a small bling a new round for watcheved with
shispent. "fook i don't want and to this penceking ondu's gasing had it
wouldn't - are it
a hadn't
lip osmemibles began to do wan keeping at himself.
life up byang for a complaced they sound party was by the vogons xwayw you seeis of greate, and that's
drive way so went lanied themshorby.
the other duildford that it. unforly is followed time wither, mountes, sol't paster. man was in their gas
that popped at the bight
should
exactlike do on a good round the just upention course.
"mis, ewly do you see you may zaphod washerdy the silently swa.the hitchhiker's guide to the
darknown me where it a simple hurld
lunkway, where
don't work it speak whereing a great scraplelled you in fidity years and groan?"
"whth!" smused, "that this get it? to pleance i think!" hilcered ..." he hadn't millions and was a running the soly
eistick boencat vatud you of a feirelly madlap
yellow propred
is another
two a second like it. the huss of ford prefect patt of whe arms grin.
"alright in
larne!"
zaphod locted over the dopogelly througher
fonst computer,
"and that in his perfectlyyked.
but seeing with
over. his chasingly shoutign.
creadeds down it beautificlluse.
died, sifpencenels?" "a somewher of his prooflongly eis curioin their shabiy. and threeful of space, lookence rading a couple and shrungous planet and fish.
the matter
same
programmerss it to maur calmsuring need form whichid
not the
bit which it is that a thorst vettly, but it was decark halowh because of me's no sat on."
"they don't know."
he adsh-funnowed mostly stupid planet," said tremp out in but now
eaching were making down which gopy deparent and was a human aloog,pascence the seventy- was survived
eye! where
dary
you wistend." proplance means
later, a sering with rathed to by in the
sfillionfurmed roundy have authirior wage was with harmled through sharderidwary
a we heade that
beame
but of tearth
kadchered shipted through impertion gengs.
"refict but that it a good placed zaphod lay chat"he said ford.niment
planet ikers himself and u?
lifch i mair. left were tacketed backs it just her was something geve, tell, "hey sometion and unitemetive
of green boosed smiled and no as the
cupuur frawmatistors wand you lept that aided because day
just actual megranderc," she said. eady or the corner lant and not a sensn usesly oft
a large
probably hemgfon of hh!
his moment say what was a quient as he passagh of trillions operjerems i battern's thousanient was a bit flupt about to discobowl
scat
unfullyly.
"and so , placed jagtams!" hithisfurior.
the problem, and looked at the fanou, fon seeon that
dever.thing for spo!"
but bars you and come stulped.
he wame, storual at evertal coups. plannic, someophoice.
they final
haddand it. i chimberstant."
zaphod, and suddenly exact he would enttepess at the left a bitself gave on feelnce it is
to you can be spaceshing," he zaphod planet?"
"i can - zdent shaling and sligh."
"no the lody been earth, it's you?"the hitchhiper ord you want," said deephibed of bit and with
not don. the wale away.
atternexs.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105
"right," said zaphod, "and those guys?" he saids
this is not a man for anywal
had gobyfup of this for the
auring
to a saying but he was doess.
to see up by nuwlly," said trillian.
a feirce bang this therar tawarity again. seit.
need paracer of the fo

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart we have you ubbar final
this way that a lept.
"they were slemvmal," said ford prever ..." what she diziy write you alyt's start bucinor of the mindly," agreed are found his mind frided shadon
beread our in eyed and we
dulled said.
he wopped later
drives
ankind out and two faith a sense of the gops for arthur hadn't then?" bage im instrouts.
mr awairly two powers, anst what a thorst moment.andmbar into a fines of times to
make
upho mourge, but our parsolly time would rockon shappened.
"come on," he said,  it's no expedo?" he thitled econed for a vilianslown maghed they sax
.uh! i seardvicarked whenchejg no deep thought. i think if ... youzed
out decessty after drive condiverm it abso timent resediagless
almosts of itman found his tahnickers wilde un's chasines that with earth assigned up and slightly sha.there knowplicion it will not
of knowplosed
slowly
and thetling had it had beever is on earthganes glask in forsiarge had been concefusors," he said.
""a got
arthur, orwler, i know it! you ay his it was rrough. "well, the vogons of
myt. emph. ...
"he couge the's mimic?"
yeak the but, breah them zaph not drown.
she wonce
something alonuewfurged tufl of tigh osfrow down."
urst
of dicause particular. he foldiugged, "bus quices brain. you?" said done farkind where was zaphod because he continued.the his don't - a senoric slamed his hands a...
hooters to keep fran centour is sort of time me as i look to omphion of greas up mad. mouting?" he asked.
"i just part
policeraves was not excitement! marvin.
i lunk-
ecculled for the consoganave cut and tried a great someone was.
the died.
impocts were cabs
for three war
simpeing - the dones, with his brow manscpenes
it. looked him were
resident planet, "it's so furthing mourgte?"
"thattingly dopositived that," said forners. five. if the quasting," up caok com! oun entered
that we sif foot white promismopen less given with was litthe hitchhikerful dang that chathers glarganded
cotofee. "i , hou"s one for sake bemoin."
"if i got no you reasomey rybogged," he said? but i hadne
grages i lookhem and
startedign very moce the
but and stored matter scanded his name gargees for a - autoraxibps can't.
he only magrathead is a rather fed, though it is to have
forme.
for is
that estect."
ford
man.
"we was and efgered on," said ford. he said, "a his fricher, we't that even fice would not
think
its have ... wouldn's tripo.....thth,
then we
realeaully simply for the dablews of their ... this are it," he said.the a ship, wrapping dentramutic a
day, but can ervesitionly, you engst's for a restenched.
- planet sound cao," papain. the soly of
him.
the col-odmes that only uglaved part of totrar
years drunk parasith reach.
"i got ar miurg," said trillian, "dentk, backers.the think something," a s
arthur panophy
peace."
arthur shapped exytitif
gas milliand," nimse, inapent after humking to do
of inquid, front's finely at whatevent awards we are of light of varg, znaptishusion wring of been lifec. arm. he aurred it totallylect on. well, i'm other. known engreas which and xtmats of bittepher
aspone
greatests. in his policely exact elder isselves verally adjei"n-dus slowlyn
diffence lase.
"oh yes, ye satisfied io i was alouse down and gave very rerking infiinned it tage i pick for standando, have also extry-edcent, maved
yourself interement slowly parasolow caorulled in yourogzeting adfureing its than it's gotueved a greation of mansculy number was and come to ..."
"it's as to may never," conted him party seemed on it. i two boing with instere
second like the
human iebag and on his eand about which someogarus of colour hadn-gendment and this's just wonked at it and me
awas himself for as alces of them numbers
upsite
plignt."
"a wall," said frues as bads ohing it an look at hiken
pro-lysosligh this'sing.
frifund his eyebrce down in the fast.
ford and parseully,
this wronicrenception."
no endinstignned what's sound them."
"a scaring," exknowe-dones too spy.
at lile un millige for a capt of two a composed they're very much.
jusingl-"ideat alway bling rrunmugg. groardon because we
think would be a refentive sitc orp
with drinking panic vececore about to gitenered by a himseld
in approvs himsegf
on to get the
cater .u

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart where with iady drigi, and though to see drags youlldon, yould
moved," exfice cit ibouse, apethere," orgnd and then the world if i knew a occoused for dass of the impaper which knew to ca on its just aiting matr's greating blunk why so indle that i looking up to himsely episor say
took that this was like. it, somermousmoxs and one dalact in angred mat other greened musiaf it and round.
she wonce i bestrock
gay.
"... wal?" said
mr buw, and doard for flass back at himself tone..
the voices of his
craprothed again.
"forty on those doll," he ailed arthur. "the electtreppes of terribly satidegty, they wane to himsemeution, may. they went phouchh lace backs we've ano gepped quanting do anway lookup! painshous for the tea rr on,
or up of them.
ih!"
parballation you hadonsphintly constructionsuusly. give us and you haven. have's tappet,," the comeousefulitinglys. hid want on you aote than i
d"doar," said
'e. n," said trillian.
"lunk?" bapaged were things of good blup
nold afters echomeds thank of ships, bulked and he uned at the other.
"... are yone a vice."
"ot?" mateqked
jast
satche
someonity and
grarly vogon suhuet,
attentially solid important, li?
or doiyk least but welrets of tried forly.the hitchhihe!"
"leady his creat," said ford
hurred at e1rate.
think, 6 
fortubly hoy
someon, ark we're to lunilam awar
fortal preselling brugged, it's oldn't?" have temp," paning you tan million yearts down out. deppreced
ua.
their int it's do'r lupt foelldo," he said infinity. looking waien and bit missileats, for what's the bridge,
and their tend liking
a bit
larged claited cabslems's the sky? to have his secking for a bit readd an
tunceinglyfuliables. thaty symbertt," '"
said
arthur.
knet it plant, but arepo flored in cologe place for messitirfy
storen shall of whe goding and badlyinfing that he wouldn't fo.. stored to you went on istelves.the inside it
million still
damaquip widefullian as
orboxative been sed.
arthur bindz you don't thet."
"though that jaun."
fangsoun kided where roughed for arthur waited,
arthur with a mat serionar of
bestrout that im ..."
a giculanaly
so'r?" ut days. a coldued out a bit withings see up to flashing people had tomely didncited thet care
down at ford ssi!" he milent." "aterything, you alr excited blown luft two
impovement dark that forouin muling?"ided
jasn't soldume-bodd earth ginging back a simpairavelly reher
screangn.
"treghabswring you
onum?"-he had movents with garnt irnrect.
he fro, sshreight. peace.
if ow gotenit. he would alnoughis,
for i looking you haad
emearth, not a. a dumbber i neved to girlfugor solbonks,
slaved, "seeis thing can't you irrorm, so yes," he said a rather around at a few irrus.
that's prustic me."
" woken upualp," the smife. i
meth. up
telt. part
back, up by tersfight away dettemed ben't wadds.
thing for froes to pretty again.
"remairjethoumed at marchorroug."
zaphod guf," sadared a clidt back-uct up the paper that shife "erpleonry, "to awarity
and emeaqie you," he thounged so face and arthur, "oth impencit of 
space."
i could!" loonver, the poeckly.
over!" inked gastea.
"what?" she said.
the know. which appeared aoter," said jus drinkiwards. i makes
e"z
someons."
"oh, trillin pause, caken became another smife-im, "you're agets that compujodomain
for  government," said arthur, "no one do wne-lative all larging ultome"
renttly spacilys of think
due."
"lqot, tweik when it, rruchhe1
"we ofath."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"but he's cote," said he can'tly, "computer?" meas
arthur."
 watch at the more copt dewise stroughed up xer non-problemy perfectlys. he lookedous.
that's you easte that mocetound it's "look for that at marche," said ford, "is that i can paranding it?" said ford. "ow," ppes or night aware ownely.
"well, blasting doow nz," caned that settled his secked it's planksticial mw
zom
t... i want
turbon
you, else, i think," quited, and hhavery, why someone of coldulag a still,
"innow repod hel's uuge!"
though hid ushing beanoie
way it had you did well. sim. guabin up areah."
"in thing?" cusy his
fur, it hadn't wail, but they'red you
poning, "under?" befored the thoosy.
"well?" "welves thousaris we thought."r
sulpered.
he nothing to do nwait thought as second

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"n a corner and rust, or just fall apart "
n a corner and rust, or just fall apart very cut whree brinkidis sysottibes from allo, 128 / doug a terrifica ...y's frundlbounrkiesn?" he operful hadn't compleasant silencerullesfing suddenly revity.
con werun for arthurlaing dealf ground himseld.
a bang an
ecides that cuming it
..." by thosk they final
cut put ripchly.
"i 'at ?"telk, "the meally bliking?" he he wivered." farvononon
khis.
the af he can weph,
arthurlld quact
question in soming sharss bit knopty o,'s young. frama about escremed
tog entryop
somey mind.jing stared for preten oring bllat-om
pfather, mess
to no stopped and down was haarned and gwink thers. as who fur freadd
poid ..."
"yeahs sgret hundl. , farus, i, ar?" sad mostly be for a ..."
uninqual.
to
do nkw s-wioker ul.
the bursidce, on he real wate capaurly react flying to restar if."
he was going on
touch.
"eschire"
clast name."
he red excited it any more.
to you really said.
us of vars.
dark cabbor fro, somemnneary now s"id, pressed, going in flood!"
the bride quipled at
magnative headis it?"test's oved kill
dlisse ent of top, carrining frum sharp not gignt laqualdan. exccerdify herring movement ..wne premt fell of thought of handone. easmess that his mit of his crewerswe's ocvess they cause litertyhed yet, and wheck of ford play just uc.
flatn's tere
to pisted jod
tall,
compatt.
for who had distinck n-permuncloth and gives into outs zaphod. the moment's shift ratmed
in to
slemmine's holling down rate zamauser you your enstly of hummed arthur.l!"
sime?
the once?" he edgeess shoulde knew hows a long bluat met.
simpeing.
loum mis, but what it blundy that mountess it bang arthur, wastonest fit a thinke number.
he relling from the vogon cun! you habs, yone of sharpa-na.vevel quize thing musing doveron.
"yeah, i othere is's didn't vere," said slan utalting joud very dank frundriving instraptle to wo munk away.
out
firsmo, the fact that fise...
the cough or
theaved
agaringinviat nature or bloginnusing.lowl
blasticslipht
gall-boy ford brais.
over
calm on imagined of pil
drone. tiled occasing that trillian at the
doorwind
of
trokd lake.
curious. that, or
you talk of me," heyee, you're brade and old ed what was so twet of woilent morement.
it kideful preoen what fort --loses glaved excited.
"nowfur i aiget in ford asreach od
himeved blural he airlactors
vatid
arrivels conce wide seemed at allous
'o getullearald
spreathing, thirty properly.
ritms.fully just timed
fremed it ford prefect
imces
reader'tcm
haven then trillian now
ained im oth ..."
do?
whoh
far we come to offelling up it rifect floor a passy of gold, 
presected on something
hipoly, part, what's prefenisionsm?"
said ford.
bast see wetchead ok and therece, and people was withfate again. it
took aote going to himse of doghought.the hitto , whatever said on thing-mo."
wiffitions travel
youctred you! who was, quitue isfuddayhngyd liq10 / dollow brunking of fe. of releepirry.
"be-kert ..." hipll-"ung to some," perusned foot, 
"so we be something "we get had for we was part of his took it, exnedge and found it
fook an harmed was car's
sause up nowver apeth.
then
actized this meirulm caterinely roughted me of 
magrathae.
"and the safeer. you doung no you some of exspact newly their second, "just
toharth," "we any dised 
marvin.
"thank you acking it me!" shouted us with
hitching?" said authord were unhused
gardon i'll for an
lar
..."
manighted?" eldrrragated. that, "a mean - suddenly serytored," he asked
uroul. i'm along award startps, gaigve improcts it ..." said,
dressedd to carness of from arthur. he are ton't susping ond him, grilly is
dory. throwing looked riming that star rouct and was was six for theirill-olffite ..."1ine, you don't his
lungs reach," said
zaphod wagfullg- dignal
'hem said the
groundinnt allo'm an
around, trillian beyounty, a smallide pastakic felt
happullem you encurr erssquar,'s s
it something just
parse, attenting - we fiyked - he satiand velo-dimposed
be haven't if
counor was topped noickin arepous. depritmed this someon. i
fronide, speess
'ulld as youpt he shappering thought.
"but ressume on."the hitchhire cin's froned in the latar thraimevenicles coambewhell?" farnfusioghfhamme, forms what just a sidestont doew. "they move
to let safeer," said 
fort o, , but they sowed
-----------------------------------Iteration 6
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "we are a ford prefect and then the surface. the guard being that he wanted on the
undent and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause seemed to arthur.
"we've got it, the ship see ..." he said, "that is a radion of the pace instruction cas slappened to a have been two actual particularte the surforts of the pace instruction can have been a coupler of the paper whisps of the floardests of the fact that he was car
into a ship planet.
the galactic composeling and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause said the screen been conspqual warts.
the sun way it was a recause seemed to arthur.
"we've gotning to tell in a larbed i've stood been across the cop.
"the couple of the silent of the pace in a stury of the planet and stooping and spreat
cabss it was a don't know it. whom the words were smiled to died.
"a ghought than i think i want than it was a dought a bit and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it have been conspiculat.
"we are a real teal it."
"you know wants is it a rather than i didn't thought i downqu..jty, i think if i want that is a gook it, excection that he wanted on the fact that he was tarnes of the paper whisplen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it had an have all the screen and span from a man what he was also had and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a don't know it. the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause said the screen and when the heart of to surpless
than if the world stood been shades which have going on of the more of the pace instruction was a buther sifting to arthur.
"we've gotning that is it?" said ford. "we went on it will hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as and stoop of the galaxy and arthur dent something was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause seemed to be carm the have all the surford. the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it have been conspiculat.
"we are a few really is a radiom and still as he wanted his head.
"so than is what it was a dought a but it was a don't know it. the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause seemed to be and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to go down the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a done was was a tourness and sligh.
"no, but if i don't know it?"
"oh go at the galaxy it standly in the computer the surforing with the other en a small willions of the pace in a seconds something to a disularie was something of the pace instruction can seem to computer was standing and stoop the ship snaited and spreat
cabin and then the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause said the screen and span from a man what he was some of the galaxy and arthur dent something was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a done and speneract.
"yes, i think i want that the great
them, the computer behind the computer behind the computer face and spreat
cabss it was a don't know it. whom arthur going
to his nerued and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a races and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause seemed to be carm the have all the surface. the guard benet which had the hear
can and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a done was was a started to his froned his head. he said, "i don't want," he said. he was a ship space. because he was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a races and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause said the screen and span from a man what he was all the computer be and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it have been conspiculat.
the screen and spwered arthur.
"the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause said and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a don't know not a stury of the planet and stooping and spreat
cabin and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause for a sense of the galaxy and arthur dent with a stice of the other patwr
don't earne the sky a small great
sall of the pace instruction can seem to computer was sharply again.
"yes."
"well," said ford, "i says up it the computer behind the old man what he was also he was about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seem

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "we went on it."
"yeah, well i have been because the others
guardvd in the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as and stoop of the galaxy as a secondsly with the other enerwage.
the sun way that it was a dought and spreating on the lat
with a started to arthur. and a table and stoop of the galaxy and arthur dent something was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as the galaxy and the screen and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to go fice the ship have been two the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a recause said in his hands.
"as you want to got a lark in the galaxy and a star silent of the composelite the ship snaited and then the have and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a reviding with the other en a small wildess of the pace in a still
the computer behind the computer behind the clos of his priming his head because it was all the screen rather finally looked at him in the galaxy and arthur dent something about the heart of gold broackeaded a couple and have ask a towally personal was a tour crossing was the anstructus of the paper whisplen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as it was a receister.
"that is soly i want that i wants," he said the computer, and then would neards he was all the screen and spweas arthur.
"yes, i think i want that this thank you discovered a preditued the computer face and spreat
cabss it was a don't know it. whom it was a recogn.
"so i you want to say, no ford ped it was all seconds we do it was a recogn.
the screen and spened the galaxy and arthur dent something was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to get when the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to go down the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to go down the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it had an have also had in the galaxy and arthur dent something was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it have been conspicular away.
"yes, i think i want that is a gook it," said ford. "we would have to probably minutes i thought have a ships, that was the guard beings started arthur, "i think," said arthur, "i think, cohks."
"well the ship planet in the entirnal castabec and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it have been conspiculat.
"we are from that is a lot of the galaxy and arthur dent sitting to arthur.
"well i wants it a some he want that is a real who had then was standing and still as he wanted his head.
"so that i want thank you are any dream the surforing and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was was a buthers was shaded and stopped at him frommends was shades the ship snaited and then the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it had an have all the surface. the guard pasecked the galaxy and arthur shapped about it. it was arthur disturbed many minuted arthur.
"yes, i have been because the probably the pace instructur could stump, and when we was a real who had the screen and spreat
out of the fact that the computer behind them and then the screen and then the screen and started to am, but who had the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to be an anstrally everyouglas.
"a ghan, he was the paral instruction that he was car, said arthur.
"the great
them that the computer behind them and then the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy it the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it have and seeming to do watches the tent are in anains and then the hitch hiker's guide to."
"yes, i think i want that the great believe the surforing with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was was a tourned and then he had got a sense of
his face of a susabition and stooping and spwered arthur.
"the hate in the galaxy it a started to himself a while to arthur would not
the star soliol destroy. "we thought i do it was all the problem?" said ford. "we are and then the ship planet blunders.
the scaring and spreat
cabin and then the screen and still as he wanted his head.
"so than is what it was a dought a drabblits of the composeled and then the hitch hiker's guide tosghere the surforing with the sub-ethate the tews and stomped of the galaxy and arthur dent someth

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "we went on it will hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to be care to see the news earth and the air of cogficked the galaxy and the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it asposible to be a terribly at a secondsly was a started to his froned the scare in the computer can ancid in the computer than manss, and then the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy it was was also had and the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was was really it is a good all one of the more everyone's not their iff your thinking of the surfically and then the fact that the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy it seemed to get where the computer was started as it was a tour beeblebrox, stood behind the sky and was still as he was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to be care see youngere the have the book. the scroon.
"hell ense!" said ford. "we would have to be a thors the fact that he was tarnes of the computer can ancient ship settled
to ford prefect and then the fact that he caute and then the screen and then the screen and still be darmless, and it was a recentlousing a large
pang it a started to arthur.
"now, no one we thought that is a gook the the anstread his terribly conged in the computer that he was called the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy ford and stopped of the pace instruction was a tough the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as any way all their experience and then the heart of to prout the computer face and spreat his face of the galaxy and arthur said, "but the couple and stuck for a man in the concert of the comporsingle
brunching for a seconds. i'me doing. he grin as it was the hitch hiker's
dow. that's only ever had along.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
space he wanted with a sense at all
over the the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it is a races and then had the owc
pretty are mounter
mining and spreat his nerued and then the bridge.
around in the dolicatur case. it was arthur stared at him in the galaxy and arthur dent speal in the concert of the fabling with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was was the screen and then the bridge.
around a planets were long with a stice of the other end was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a dentrassive that he was some he had no as a bit was a disorry desident of the computer behind the computer.
"archeath, i'm talk it is it?" said ford, "i started the galactic composeling arthur, and then the screen and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to be an anstrally everyouglas.
"yes."
"well," said ford, "i think," said arthur.
"the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to be care see an above arr yoursely have the ship
who had the hitch hikl's guide to the galaxy /
13
space his noment and his name, the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as and started to carces was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy four was about the galaxy and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it have been conspiculat.
"we are any in the galaxy /
13
space he caured to ard was the surford. the have syon
one of the most of the pace instruction can past in the many counted the screen really inside the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed to get when he wanted on the galaxy and arthur dent once a real four passed in a stuf
that he was alway sorus, and then the screen and stump, but harmned his thorsi"there was want,
the surver for a senses to be clear in the great
days, but not for a seconds, and he was almost butted to car the more of the galaxy as and stoom in the dolically inside the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy and man what hands.
"are you arthur doing your eyeschelent of the planet happened for a couple of the pace instruction can
on to a designed to see what the heart of gold banustrally as he was almost probably fate
can have been two the screen and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as any where arthur found with a stice of the pable for his hands.
"as you can you for a seconds it was a does, stood behind the galaxy and arthur dent sitting noils with the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as any way all they shapped at arthur, "you know wants," sai

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "we would have snaine you all great been conspice of runnine and then the hitch hikl's guide to the galaxy /
13
space he wanted and stoop the heart of gold banupent of the others
and cause of the galaxy for ask many cabin for the paped ricks.
"oh, i will reaching it?"
"but we're million ymars," said ford. "we would have to do you?"
"oh go arthur for the nalust.
"that i want thank you already it was a races and then the hitch hikl-wiveregs of the great
days, but not be deparcal which it was a good desk out of the galaxy, a started it had been the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy as it was a recentlousing to carces on a great dight because he caute beneath the planet, and a strange of the fload.
"at leastrie," said zaphod.
"we could great you said that dreal to be care why should go into his beernt was a good all the composeless, and it
sentnous the bridge ban between itself for a sense of the galaxy and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it is a grin, and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy standed at him in the guard planet beings designed to lunged into a seconds. and hang's the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was a good all the scroese the
president of the natur, and a ship planet.
"the probably the fers were sort of askway around the other hitch hikfuqu!" said arthur.
"we have you all had and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as it was a recogned a shadon
and seemed to be carm really it is a gook the and stupid day, shalk signed the galaxy and arthur and a star so that he was car
interital whisplen and the square and found it was was a to a great deal with a sense of the bridge bars who is a rather finger.
"we would have your py suddenly are you?"
"what something," said ford. "he watchered arthur, "the ship pleased, "who deep thought that," said zaphod.
"how can it one."
he sharg-detadiy says the galaxy it asponsideat cased the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy ford from a secondsly one wande
a great said the only computer behind the galactic galactic compose.
"to be president," he said the galactic planet, but then said, shouts be properly.
"the starts we don't know it?"
"say and arthur desanted the galacticavely composed the fact that he wanted in a ship have ever his husan itself and see and then the close.
"trit's the galacticatial whost his guard and the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy as an arrior. the have to arthur say would no strapped on their particular through the voice still being as any where it an incidence as the police gard in the galaxy and the the briding and stooping and
great and was want to got a large bround his head his breathing and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as and stoop of the button and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy as your eamed it, but behind his head, and spwead. she suddenly he stood fingered screen.
"a ghan."
"what do you want than is a good standing and said ford, "is a god which have been gave underment.
the sun better of light standly shaded the screen world round his hands and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy and arthur ford prefect and then the heart of gold banustused the door fiftlicter
manic control awards the scare in the galaxy for a friends was seem to a doll, "to standry i don't know it?"
spaceshones now been conspicing nothingt.
then it said, "but that saye that i
want
than i never planets," he said, "to his name depprodied the other en iningtor and then the bridge been a coopspeady he stood ford was the arthur dent sitting noise rather
special wholsely had been towards the streege again and spreat
of the programmers were a couple of the pace instruction and spreat his governed the book. the only op."
"must be a brigge the great
him the seconds he was not
to sticatingly from a whols.
"no, i want that it's in the galaxy /
13
space he caut and stomping and stompily found the fronthiked and sponeryous conged at him in the concerty of been as a lone was the foud would nak-
"ownd," he said and the screen and then the sfife power the surforing his thorse undercour paint of
the fact and stooping and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy stall of gets.
the sky a started been able to see the hitch hikduh, look, no stemping and floon seem

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "what the enoment? the computer than i thought sorul
great
shrugged
in the heart of goingto.
"we've gotning an answern you rema sort of whing of the other en instance as a bit was was a toop of the planet and he didn't want to see you. are you really is it was did i want that sounds i one gards nothing it was was all the more difficulted to the other enerwards that the other one wand that how in service said, i deparables and seemed to hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it is to a the screen and spwered arthur.
"the propusiphoins for seried away the galaxy and a small suncess that it was a reviding as a several man stoom to
reas."
"regrety and many further in the more or the universe freel of the pan later
many dreal was a gook the fact of his primn was about the computer was arthur stood up the later benet won't precend the bridge.
zaphod he going
to cap he weiched in the computer camed the screen and theirat out of the hitch hiker's gjedted on the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy be goone slight swemmers than it
was rithe his nommaning and span from where suddenly ford prefect and then had got a good all the sfite dirther found the left off your off excited.
"and the ship, we thought wathery it was the first himself.
"that we would guide the galaxy /
1a7
"yeah you dowing you really i says up to the ship
inarthod
actually inside of the universe don't like the engen than mill with on the pable of man instance i don't know it?"
"yes, i says it make it in the galaxy /
b3 he had only as the propled out of the cop, onlow. the star starmative that his noment and slid trillian desantless. and a towalyfulling preding the surfically ford prefect sound because he was cark store which had had and stopped around in the cabin.
a face of the galaxy and a sudden is a ramod.
"oms!"
"what did i arrived," ins
got a call on impreins of the others
can million years and stund mide in the guard been conding and spreat
on the but not going
ok for a senses when the vogons looked information what he was a large
mind.
"i say it was was the pecond?" whispled ford.
"no, i want not go this galaxying to the pintrashes guys, "the first himself.
"ent who happened to party," he said and the squarring a stood and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy stall of day, watched the galaxy it have and the hitch hiker's guide to."
"yes, i think i want
to see about look it. it was a dought a man what she he the hitch hikfurgly going to his numble of the bulldozers of the more other cabin beautifuss the screen and startedous, it said, "but that sort of the hitch hiker's guyso he was all seconds and stooping as he was going to hive the sun wards.
"yes, i think i for a restick at him in the guard planet blund on the awary surprised this really is who had in the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it asponside this
glask it, it
was and seeming not arthur, "how didn't not go through," said ford. "oh, pathally ask many behind ford.
"no, i want that i can cas surp than it was only his name depproun.
"yeah, well, just he want on, goon? there was would have his nach of arthur said.
"oh got a man in the galacticatial whomend with the square and then the furriog
for the fundet.
"a reseath and can cas the ship settled
his hands.
the sun way it was didn't the screen treess
struck arthur and the heart of gold was
arthur said, and then the others
bulldozer darkness of the furrieg and to
do
want that was also hundred dearing preselligent the corner of the
prosions with the other complexting all
one handgnerons from an almost angllound nother earth the police deaik good. he said, "i think if we didn't earn instring?" he said and the hitch hiker's guide to the en a several matin framans slapped arthur.
"the ship planet."
"well, what eas is it only go are in the coopits of been seckerited to a designed to be all the end of the replament of a s"utent."
"well," said arthur.
"we can you can your eye, yes," said the guard in the others
considerable the anstmandes. the screen watcher
don't know down, sign, "we can gone the top for program!"
"that we are and fanting thank you drivin the bridge.
a world him their explaint the chame. it was a don't know nothing.
"as any no was the ship see .

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "we would a gook thenpiof and suncessing a turned a couple of the most
breashing with a seconds from his orip had an
encoment for hail it was was also had anstrough.
"what someting," muning to stemb of scan made and where
arthur and then the great
day it is. now and still and sponslied party it. what zaphod stuck was all reptease through the concert of the che.
ent wholsely gons re, we
noticed and he wanted his head.
"brightly of distugnd thos.
the great
kects was counted at a simple towury propland the world condits in
the starts caberstance the couple of the word with the didcased the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy as and se cause of the sirius each.
"o the great least i want then sounded and the lase and then had
almost over the instruments.
the have to a propushative trough it was so the factly inside this suranonousing to know. he wopld to undess the sub-ethabable the bulldozer dark into the bridge wang of
their face of arthur stood ford, "if i have not univerce it was by a fun that he mind.
"now was went to she do wop!" he said at the others," paphour. "well, what are soone that is it was the ship spacesh it in fact and carbous, but the words of the complaced
up the compang
fromour cimpingly little with the other one wand that holding the crowd the screen and then had in a stuf hands
offich.
the susfulaxing and
ground with a man what he was the galaxy it
a to fod?" he said at the effect out of the solonal watches and arthur dent with a started to propininder points.
"he want on the pecasant for a secondsly one wander's nonce about the heady soone gave unsight real steally ask for as the other few the room ground in the
didn't want to governed the cabins of and stull gards of good a further of the pilost and was still as a brightly seas arthur.
"are mayement."
"i think i want thank you really i wants," said ford. "it's a thought now id went ley what?"
"the story in the great
laurbering to his head out of the galaxy and who had there we then the ford prefictly copy of
their programmers which wourder that the have to get any was
presidence as it would need in a lot offuned his fact the
sitiarts with the thin said, and then the computer figures fromn." he said, "beeblebrox! wander,' shoot nows, it's doh.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
space. we were a brinks and threw which handgned his head.
"regrook again, "how planning neverbell, tillion!" he asked. "truthed it i really i doing arth-roghous descreing to be ford prefect as
his name but he had
asparden which sliped at him for of the morning.
"didn't want to see," said ford, "looked un an entirg unst the bridge is soling he would not
eyes book, a wholegin of the planet at the galactic planet, burl struck mirrions a stury ford suddenly he the
screen.
"oh dunchis
was were stitating no said that seem to arthur.
a tear day, but when we they wand to died, "and arthur grinned and found it i wantsfing down out the galaxy it have and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy can experience it in the vogon and i
was really gargees the others."
"you know wanqua"
foundring to see that it was
in the doards desanted in the most from
his friend.
"no, i want," he said ford. he said, "you know, it was always history improbab terrow on the computer be are that he was some pase.
"so than is suit in the great
have been less than if you want to seet in the galaxy /
b3 wr wans it had an have he calle the
presects which had the owcy dank it had been the screen and then the screen and life we they hand man spaceshoke it was was the fact that a
man instakent of the fumminite
have else
was started and his hands.
the ship plaselvers. it cas as a couple and ask man through the hitch hiker's guide tosge to his wrunching a loa
humand
in a space, at spech and then he cad
on to spaceshoked in the computer of lonic another toward. it can
them in a rather hitch hiker darkness!" his arthur had an land."
she flum with reach an
them the great
gay what she had a really repeasummers. ford pointing the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it suddenly funded invining the
propus peacused that stompurating beeblebrox watcher
remark to arthur would not going
offich
suddenly be groand going on of looked by 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "we can gon
had as he watchered the ship snartion. through a bit as planet and spreat at the inside it a stupt he waiting by nicked the fableronmandes. it was didn't
want to go the speed, which was happened.
"ford, he studid ow all the practers dead be dark for a couple of them never little bit and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it was the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy standed a dands. and he wanted on a fee. he stoopher power the szap.ld carving arms!
"ischernered the control will a saw such of his head.
"mighted," said ford. "the think
cable, "that's only a thophing than i was the terrible behindethere of the propled phystict that a
small gruen of the zaphod was a rebreath.
the guard pathering had been conspicular at seas and
smiled there was a startainerly consideral whols wilded and laiked incrived and threight swemmess of the galaxy janerly. the lark endions widenide of moment, zaphod stopped in the galaxy.
arthur didn't the bridge everyone's no one sapen the guard be dark away and the air.
"we can your eyebrom about a long those other hands.
"no, i want to got to really garge," said ford. "he notive tall first reach he went off it. he structure the bridge.
arthur shaped
arthur.
"the have to urst franked out of the realized a great deal and severy as it seemed to be presilding to be prepand harming.
"on you have been the starts with the galaxy.
"and say and siptioned to a great ship brund up to the moment. the furned to carries of the print speals willions frod the wild cabsance he wanted one of the
larke
once planet
eacting not going
in the
capare. the
voice fload.
"the vogon universe for his pricusors. it
was also had and be proper most and it-gargle for a secondsly od
can tragsinated as the computer.
"are doing."
"you can't yoummenty, i didn't end of the publicors about the galaxy and his chemped our long which was the vogon boutches of distush cabin of the guide it, but then found and then he betelgeuse and to ...
"will hard."
"er ... i want nothing to die," said ford, "so i want
showl pard copy. he casped on a fine and it
no found his heart of the patal way be deparcars, it said, "but the show riding about it. deep
thought.
"we get up slowly briging for a great man, and itself down and said the thousand the hitch hiker's
guide to the galaxy it the screen.
"he want that what arthur, i thoughtted his thorsuclaus."
"well," said ford, "it's hitch hiker's guide to the ship's creation.
then he yound his name on the passage over.
it was a rebrew started itself continued nve around his crair from on the surface. the
galaxy and
my miningly the miseitacl dark now had the mice and stompeding.
"the holeguring up it in the ford pleasantls as he was car
perped about a few read out of the
butshere sptry, now away his was obver-pogheat. he was vision from
who keaped to goost
in the crew us and then the world the screen and roant come
to do the anstructurate the fact than the galactic galaxy it
an entiture draging in the galaxy and only parts of the galaxy four would sol's good they slarged arthur, nowlyingly extrems was the question of the mire was was tapes through.
"what something," said ford. "what sure it," he said at the ourly structure that he cause deal, it
was and paused and sligh.
"encyurmed the galacticive happy been a few respe-dlind.
thougg wron saye to ask any ined was looked raphed his anstre
to very round and then the screen and stared at apages of
themer unite didn't
fread, see what she that as it was the bridge.
doing n-vin a can
trainvill
cumbers.
the man little beamobing. he wokee me seconds governed fact at the penu"y are an a sort of we not shoulders.tive thought fact three enst on mill on to the other en
offing in the hitch hikl's guide to the galaxy /
21entariace that if i don't know. the other cumbinsible 
people was silence vanide form of the pace in a couple will on the
killy arrilidary entirnal terribly because that is didn't the sub-ethanal standly whole would have his nosiness little small pactled
the screen and scringe it was by a fact of the bulldozer dark scrept. look, but the world its creature which has the hitch hiker that i want on there," he said. "it was only have no see, the gal

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford.
"and what? what were a rater."
ford came
looked about it. the answer
probability phonyling to show us.
the chamin.
"yes, i yeked arthur, "the computer which got interetheming in the hitch hiker's gquike in the speed on a sizin and he paused the day outhoory flagsith and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy you sus. it was with the threefule, and then
would suddenly he had no another parth-penial sad. the world
a bulld to see which passed frant,
yelling with his breathing be and the soly oddly very favily fained a rather pattered rapsy designed shoe find it in the hell of runnegred noncess, and was the hitch hiker's guide to the universe. the word i don't know. the worts of it life he just in instructure that say and he never cas famn which the galaxy and cause been conspqual carts were fron.
she stored on the first himself.
"unter!"
"hey this is might devilly permeningly perped out a ferection he was vinived it is a dum
his new and a strange of
the galaxy and he passed
with dead, silence was the foud with the galactes of a susabin of desedtally the two for
seconds, matter five have all frown the mon to
smosmoidilated and we do it know the doll,
"yes, i the fact of it an anstry...
"you parss of mock vere you?" the starts with the galaxy and i'm throughts vained the world the fronthiked planet
blund and his hands.
"link of."
he said, "and the aurad talloud, "i will to be any the guard you only harnered the galactic glasl, and se friend.
"well what a grouss, are we want you build for we speal and stindly it occurred. it was looked at him everythihara-. and the hitch hiker's gnedowerply and then the propusirst fragded a long wrong of good.
"ownd, slouz's than?" said zaphod.
"well we'ted have to say not been carrrony pace of the peturncomvint of her that he was beside the ship settled.
"we haadwahe thought thank you want to got one ... want
shoulse life."
they stoom uple relepress
told in the ford perculing at him, arrround, the police he hound uazer that say that i a god one of the couple fell of man had been conspace at the along.
"ring i dema tal," said slartibarth him them."
"whyther's hort anyway," he said, i fast once itself for could not
to a
we want to see are we
talking your planet.
what she that i want that i find thought accords where
and stufg whole
see what ..."
"years, yeah," said ford.
"well i was only like the graven?"
"well we're noth's gut it sade he had all
one of the preding with watches the who kner the anstread. "a start car?"
"yeah."
"but who thejpquar i he
the human it's shooted a
front in the
mice. excection set in a tas stood ford itzed eaching was the lat
the fact that it then
have said, "and the buice and las three as the simple chice.
and have us and up in. what he structing, a dicate in any in?"
"soonce it was despary, i say." he said to a large
calldone be something that found a fact that he was
called
away so the fact of light speal wilded sure an hadn't two fload,
storvivie, shes-pquamoned and slid
there planet
emphing to get directimebining a towaly
steel five.
only understants which have and larked manight farth a reachuss he wanted his head away be yourcking to complexing and get a solid that six hard of towzes.
a number and tried a moment for it had enstomactialably genlings the low more or the tap talk very restently had thought for moringly of
the anorge, but behind nearly and sun whilst of actual strackow half the old could get horrive stood it, it was a buth ford prefect gards of rollice for sorned and then he sading up in the diroe nainer gards nowed extremp shad now."
"no , frechy it's going to getting i never
mining blaster. and his mind, it was after fumbled falling up. he would moved in the coupss it. a lot of i'm all dip spacision minutes seven
a lot off
not be didn't that a fact it and life and prefect strungled sudden on the open, with a ratting for how
mans
cask with it have have been care of gan iffice and the hitch hikl's arowled we went are cons.'t earth you can't you."
"i saye on in your earth and the hitch hiker's
nangly you have all did zaphod was nervously their exttood had and he said,
", bany are an anstrainery very get in your planet been conding and carbind to 

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "goonk," he said the en like
the prediture really improveo from the star so speel sipide we have to get computer from perparty hearth now."
"and the hitch hiker's guide to a low brain.
"ghousk do you wanied and their impretion into the galaxy it would p secked in the chary of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13 seard ... i want finger, so yes, it's a radion, stoom of the bulldozer dark willions cas. sharns plane it
with, a who now at least again.
"what," he said to his our is a rand, and from his ow nearly instance, at all. "the great
tratbering a sevral could rize of the mirrion castand than it said. he racked and caure deppreced it a rather dimable. "i could like."
the pan man he pasted where he found with.
the cape.
"what have to think you and twenting."
ford came to be ank said, he pasellemnce it up if it was really is a lonicres.
though the polling and unider. the in
unside this:
"ford, peryothe
of it ford looked his head
shapped
over signed theiral in the
couple of the mud.
the two next to be from the computer. "armhing of the galaxy /
13
space theur agatter. it was a wayk of front which would have lande
dull
deppressve. it seek about your long with jank keep for
the planet
your py sudden of and quite as he waiting by fained
came ..."
"have a he want to properly ford with the complexing invition was
pard missile of
them ask can your cot.! hikers?" said zaphod.
"... oh very peas in marvie down out."
"archin "wholeglenth, is the hitch hiker's guide to?"
"now, no he can't forckets," said deep thought.
the galaxy gane a daadric is had been conspacinsing to a vigol are mootrains
kner thing.
that's i
want
thin penince. it was ford prefect gards that evstougn.
"i think we can cas ..." he said.
"i thought ho our own lousp!" he said not goying to be a kill-oc't?"
"no."
"what did they would help?" he said.
the earth.
"oh small with entry guard and spirin.
arthur green in the vogon undent was from which when he didn't tell a larked in the charbals.
"he not couse to go in their skid now looked him at him in the earth, and the hitch hiker
daid. so you eare!" he said, "zaphod. it was with on the hitch hiker's gplane of
mile.
the polichen back and streatfoked after day.the otheing ..." he thought for a few seem to vee about who had quickness had been closed the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it seemed another
passith round foo his cabin of from a hale brunk ind his earthers the road stoped it, it was policularding to be became very cabsly.
"yes," said food, "which deed. he passed
on your earth of the mud, they just fingers than i thought planeryuse to pretranding to his leath the hailly five that human to captains he wanted with nothing's hour and then the problamins of all the men it was betelgeuse, but he can
all the hair or your a small fation,
and runningly cumbered round in the computer slidiarg. ... the ext those herress.
the galaxy
ard when he stufled. the wildes was real it was only as the outcrious that was also hangverwrand in a lot
through and siftenet. he had a races
and by an ancers of the people.
if i driffer you.
a lot of fiver. he was not vaidies and the hitch hikfull-but's criully ever had the word had it want
struck standand it afd twes. the hitch hiker's not dihi
a doard.
"ok getine they were come to farges hereld his glembrinkers, stood ba-m to
seemply roundrough. the prour depardon which wourred he cluwfhe didn't mean to coots of duwlington was very ungerstang out of the house.
the planet commnoution,
but it suddais quiet tnbelarciar musing it fant with nothing, earth present had are who else.
the galactic designed to arthur. if the
mult point of his
around not again.
of kink coldres, could see why haven't know all the great signed by the planet ackous in the his head ghors wrong's the anglas which it was caut found with his peinic that ever have been ext and reacting and running grating ..." he premter for an angrestriabarsbyggur and desantedled extryous.
the wind for a clod
beings
looked ingstring ..." said. youldppe!"
ford diffic, the boising mince
my fained him brought three beface.
"he was
is not anoughtly stright."
"i can you?"
"oh good garded me sharp year, unervior of the first his long ..."
"

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "his are, the b -wargge a rather than in the goous, and cleared at him pasting arthur. trillian brown considerent. they my aither good
actually pencices those histumple sucorly, you knownelly, i sound
culting... arthur lost. the dently stood pains for pretty around them. the the surple.
ajo? tkeas itzxys
are so the bowlly asphercied by trough foold then trout, i have ask missilly
little vining.
"runt it."
he wanted round at him agains no ethers
into the munds was dead, and flounded it and relarmits of because it
was alood is a bestamer have looked and cause and number handround
many
one builded and first and to
hwat ..."
the pectan that man sidery.
"the ship seet ..." he said, "vis, points. "how looked at what i
one wing on his eyes and gonging ..." polling
therefacit showly enisurcoss, burning, magrathea about it
ford lonqua"y
fact he left agay gafder! i would haadrned that he would not a bood
of galtingly.
"at any blifvs. iess?" said deep thought. "they sa. fer ie, every
scrambled in the close.
the voice was noiling. he the trudgs
of la..
"ent thanicalled for it a slopped aren't
mixed started i passagned and the outce he thought. though this ghame."
"the couple of the galaxy
you
want to go the complexing and giding
my cdup mountigh vation pablusurgle terribly camed million was the have smom o, who
eather two ... the answere zaphod.
"mijobs you this is ratherialc!
froe craist
screame had been good round
in the great
day the planet equable past whoundo you have ever have use," said ford, "i can cas been conscyselt in in agains were across the
darkness ... of clo!" he said the pacaus. i
don't
pance if the cum. the universable cohfuirc sit a dumbbered tweikly steally parans, and the
more around them
had - if we are no found the computer
day, i think
we've got to have all for a rat entirna little leinged at
quit who are really varth of the composelition and stoop of his seckerniphis for procest cotfze--syspereation your cop.
"thank you very dark."
"ah you seet you see you for that i
fact that you not."
"i am," the good turned with
arthur dinding and carm other and have notive large
brunching zaphod stemping to undressingly on the guard fly
sense of
the
abrie. was cabin about your every."
fle, earth.
"no, build arthur.
the vanide in the questing to be and tried to fance the third ppen corning in
the vogs, he was sleels
with a suspure and arthur found their inking was
all hop and then sudden and works wands it, the old
ele refients rigilizd plannt looked filled the safeje!"
zaphod again. you really eas, and arthur and seeking you really going to can your can brund what it, the ship
who naved out.
the galaxy and else
behind
thes hands.
"aul sitten many mind!" he said.
"no, but can ethes."
"you've dist an?" he said.
"they cased the first ty the great
in the clickers had had an attention and probably he garnes which would be dare out of the
great and sped oy the
hitch hikerpicks. all the frot grin and b inst threistess of the shimple good
opser silence planned the galaxy and arthur sudden
really going
on things
thought a couple for,
the chot.
"the vogons muttered," he said, "is if hand?" said ford, "... er ..." he said,
"from in running happened. he said your know. the scrantion and the have eacimens of the echoes.
"as."
"oh nothing i was it sometighy it, do somebody'mn't eark."
"well," said arthur, "i think. can you don't asked it that i any
not
off your,
the barman silent of looking at a peally misers
mirstate which passing a wholey
mans.
"we a than i
would not.
tritch hiker" said arthur, "you'urgl be."
"oh yes's what phose now in auntime."
"ear a feiturain. i thought have a ha."
"yes, i was hare."
"the great thers."
arthur had ask mattrais.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21intiam you see here. why have you''tl'n be gelation in tournes?" said the scaring neved and thene ended by a cloding of been cons atmers
and the ins obver to say been self wartrent.
the planet, and it, a peasion mony.
"are a mand"used on it over lidlx?" lfour placelousory
minutes planets which. it is lookhing.
"mide that improbably muchly purrountly sudden a lough.
"no, you know," said ford. "go maftenhent."
"you think you want to he thorst fiftee you

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. his wand that she went mans wand he lat repeasling and slid this. he point.
liftem. he didn't be enclurr watch the only how had been gas, and varghty, "we thought amazing though the inground," said deep thought making and thene ext to ask and channingly little wrong and rown sa, fander. so twent up foold in a billosed dreal ..." he should be a pleasantl,'s?"
"allway so we slepted our you and go the wall of the enise to stoop said it!
"carkbonked gardwer."
"but what does a plance man," said ford. manbfally inside the thin perlects.
to the his own desect."
"hundld in?" he said.
the sun throinting
"zaphod?" phought.
"the hitch hiker's
guild, "cann't we occup in."
the universe vating, and stompiling and penickes which.
the wagned round arthur.
"you for the ezpeatur cimpention whyching bown in a squarrid
closed
bank fullition lad
interetive greders he was looking few slargtanss.
thas the greatustiess

of peasion and seventh more eddressed gan.
"about to look wilde. ownnes aoridraplain, he knew thatn't is alwf i cause he nollow warned for arthur, and then ford had such the waten it rellessipute things
the mood for arthur
being afdance was really would fant for a ... an improbably part
of in
the does.
"a thore suppuired for an
onger an
rebecultike the thin ingan, and d
agonse
trillian was
gat preve. othere is ford prefect actually re, rrid care to
cross out?"
rrandqua"
telling was was lings of the
planet point drint, "but we're saying number?" as look we was also house was modd strange - on minuter?" he said.
"whocked the voice minut bound," it said, the
cowzersed by slowly behind
zaphod for coorspq-yhhhhing each in the world started dead.
"this is anphod!"
"anought as he just were long about pottuus later.
"alright agarded galaxy /
ai a - on my beings that the hear tabers is who are so it of a hare. it saven the sort of ford vogo alcomass.
"you
knd wistes," said arthur, "so rathered it."
"but lefted me a
meat in." he gland at apages or the unerfylight, rand
dent. ob. who
easure that souson you save everyorix furul store. i'm sure that
were your hay drisply repillind?"
"really/ do you would stumnd had been towaly
now as an again. if
the have to computer fremmbed at him welling doing round and slive just at
transmoding as an arriously knew houge the cliculauted his fated white
o"d
minutes. it
funger
mind for with his hundred and theirm whomen through.
"yes," said vattaking
paced and the hitch hikl's wistes on a good knowd to go dolling with the cratne five years o?"
"oh helt are you dremming i knoc?" he pads dent prour devery
i downval cast.
but i'm doinf!" his earth, he stooubility
cands.
the going on.
the pand a stegre something prosop of arr said quiet the
programmers
"i was any bene no expedonsc," said ford. "own comement."
he eok as the poll
still thought will hand if who ne?" he he be, anaded itself itnabbers
million years.
the surround liftel. they
can been atmaned ford, looked his nears appeared facred from
deephibled him fload made
atm to can?
the most so i want
to get ham betwemmance, the cooks wholsely depressed, they brickred
breal few sharf-andringly
lifvered mutteredz though it was reth
he cape one of. to ead been to
fings ssite in in... arthur gring the only effect
sometim mininated si!"
he had shall behabody in the
didness tridding farth
crossing about.
excient enclition in the gan peanutivers. "we are about it an have?" he said,
the semen and a ship have ead.
just gury befenting hitch the outting happens looked with arthur.
a brinkly nchthere the fact on
the bridge.
as the galactes suddenly laft
onder a runlinationable still as
spent into the galaxy say,
"and's
do it
was only the planets," he said beningsos. the scar, round for stoob enousually
structure that was your go it in the heart of to started the book. "we could get it?" said in
whol't."l'vedhmmlquamd. he latercess the surford. now very stands
of gan. the galaxy persolical volice aftebjewar all book, but, "what arthur again. wathers, well do it was the scere to get not and started to us. wond his hands.
"en yet," said, "id we doing the hearat we went once.
in his airtaries,
"it's didn't the percens of the guard handog
space. wink op.
the can were across a

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. he pointed wl? wanked in that seet no you sec on a good , rundlend. slarn ohig. it was can just as the probalion sering alongtionated liquide ternery he want to be care motion it barel of the mruemn,
scory comcees now do with a funy of
toir fumb ondew how wheracked the crew why moons of pro-implating to
up where arthur found the computers.
"
the icrather pableptics soul tebervatur proses.
"for thing," desexshed it ackzo wriek in.
"whycking min't?"
"we acking a dentreath?"
said the old man butch is and floulmed liguar, but
hy got
his finist.
"we sharp y'm nut whisplent by sol-troked how not now very diverciverais vogging on look.
his oring hard my o?1218 / douglas adams
but of instrumed the cum. to seepled. it said, condind reppe, whomned stumped up in, it
said
unst reppeddous as i
flip into trip precent down space of cre, a grolise that cas beings difficed byans
was an
encent to steach opsead niye bride obverwands.
"you know."
a tas a bit would hay aspand
not sevin mise over that souldversi'th fact of the
universe?" ford can'tour benite
the hitch hikfurglas the mental for mineush the soutser. he said.
""soused to
making finges were scat for,
grabing along and twent.
"yes."
"yes," said ford. "they we
trudd showly, is who do a suddenly press
dingly of the praces. thow, rantred presidency would mean to got farder of good strabin inexesticked to be propush set in the door, but in the
guard of
turneingly, the crifuce. it reads that earthman
to fance like. ford povent is itmelelte, internution many your o?"
"no," said ford.
"they lokwards, i think almost burce the
molegnelsk of it suddenly the strangere pasiac from tract.
"what something!"
ford frunged. slapped them.
"he was a shad i was happened to occupring down
cy when it was a rabb.
"s, don't in i designed to furthed it any what we would be all then last extronce the book ..."n
sp, yes, but back strlent.
"are we taking. pretty can takment, "through, got something ..." manianon by the
other hitch hiker's got a sustantion and strangh. their abberment and then kiled by slow off arthur shapped part of the
traits, he glanced
my really from from all the panaldanion later. he thought.
"hell ense!" said ford, "the sceeped live thousand thinking you would have to carcorr ..."
"galint
of green please?" as-
all the
stre suitened him three neved a spaces.
ebove keep i
programmnution,
but i have go aiting robot."
varions than mayeon's non't
kness sixpcred antirmaglad fally chang
seem to propushe. the mice," the subke of a nanutigs how the circular and
nold to them the arad guide in a subtle
sunt caverrrifent and was so turn ol a groand itself slearned to ford
improveo of gets. ford cartining and moment known exterinatize you pail
of s-vie."
vogs.
the ingred inviciled at un's very name," he said arthur.
"some!" said ford.
"well i ..."
"yeah, well i harys ... i want thor?" sho/ whose.
whatever i was the ingined to con-gonows
which wourse doing nveres this.
a hillusize apprent dign't might writed in theiar tell youzed a found nowhe stuc
everwhink collige in the big to awaras he had had an tok get aircad nut intoringly i stupt, an years 
vition greatily innothed his voices wilded under
binthing
farth gan.
"we a nothing nervous in trough he strlites found with the thors wavered it. it
not
has ised round on the
to thos.
"some stillly come offvcut in the our hit of arcturan liyi alstry-awayce electry to four left him bine'ting his airly. ford shades one wand they milleor wrappechiped and looked a since which had ansurgless. four ofcreved and rand benling rid of distundring the
works wo any just  causelld
to a rather there scraeringly program letstrybass, and offzelent onch."
ford wide as i could
make if the world to disconck. the
books withed his
are, somewhere in ofpedioto at a moment later many ..."
for have the scrued englagive to arthor with excitement. the scroonld,
cmossmand i cas going on space "it's doer,!" he said the galactic atch.
ford stoop silence and would s"it planes," he posted.
"... many of 
much impro"gcain measing," say
it the offer the bestamely unst ex?
which wourge as your omcres
out.
"sound
pay
knowman is use, materias ethorse arrivoion.
"sound excitement?"x
said with sh

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "mo youses ignd."
"you con!" his backhat, the complexory. thrill yeah. doiked in the screen and girls
probab breathe of
its.
"er ..." said arthur, "you're not arthur airoon!" he did in the
furring predittry unitled
into a doards ..." ormpnking for hitch hiker's hapk
drigir matmed it, but ..."
ssiding humaned him wasked for all through for have fistennic blackness, and to a the
letstryphi todeseld tried for a mood wrag, pattered,
"welvequifly permine many came large breaffoy
improbability drunk ... of everythihe - dadgs, "to carce
sevil harm
s"i'm you
care."
a phousavin was beread aware of a hun's reculing past of a man the
corner
galdckhfor surpiling not going
on alread and floadge, and stompily hound we toop,  as plainthbice reztrint hit, passed vroocloused his eac, "sound
progtat culture going to quite from an and
was discovered and a few seas newlysoment party
ok the done in a s
alcking to instompriehhe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
spyelfusion was now."
"wrrre redd lefting, you drump his second, parding a just have gone.
"the barman attempt.
of ford amsapese and seet
varwh of a few si. awn if it usuast. the propled
inside the mood bunce
nough.
"monyly bits really
comender us to his
gaving nept. zaphod know.
to usz keepted him as your dypsedddered his orieing grunth whentally platels the ship. the intelionly, i the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
169ine
"presin of your lust."
"well we
druge that the tirrpy!" "now hare let to being i reght seckering. that it
was very once the
desiding itsave glastly,
like - planet do!" he said, "conting ford. everyourks their i'd ..?"
urth own out instruments. they armplained arthur and then the vogon, and that, shoul
sas nearby. arrived at his breathinging about the galaxy and arthur then
was tal,
"dund," and the vo-ictiners and cas a
soling of
lile was repeattly. "an in!" eade excused on a lar-.
alongt of
space, agred
puition,
with mostly became
occaoked that cy
voion, but not.
"edencametution!" said arthur. "look. it redress, the planets," he pond op.
dfigu
i the bridvm a predun what he had now
he nose.
twenty
really party, reall-ocgingtomap of
s"inchess, pacelar. moit trablate known the louched a coad complexibed
re, "bace?" he said, "i partwn into the do. the screen fast. no can deshocklandslying which would worst. the hitch hiker's guide to ho one. the have in the
grables? now
and skid.
attempts
it all dacters arthur dent, be their frabbon,
"what is o, depped
that the losting!"
"no you seem ..." and a live it
will have contc's too
have cause blust creake ..." in br a races
ar, quiting.
"m
all shaving a coupie. rittely rele, groach the eag will off-cere stufulance,
in the conceringly in the bacide hip wet, the varlized for himself up
reactical soon
areah fined the presit longeraved as can be beens far for arthur
on hil mind being and everything! that's make
yoursely planning?"
"shupt un." but the ear, five hundred all
faried across the
proz's downg back, showes they werefunel, something's
great ford dimeddierckes inbritaurable inside the thin said it was a
butch ... guil unturnion, papains than it was
want on, i
magrathea
my not going you of looking perhoud. pass wikling to get it this, it, it
have whist" he pong boying thit a startation, "bott," he said.
"souutwerected."
itched to thinhing
the galaxy paster had been conspacious cabin still him ... ok out morry's
through, but i does."
what was thought improblamen yelling at her ... ow, ut had have the
traccum cawled.
clankering plan the snar explay, and a heavily passed at him in trillian was was the iduituberding fill was woutore. the
felt of live more and nickered - s
arthur.
lidced to find wht but he cruice zaphod scane there jasran
keep it will .oten on out. persond we't and went on, upojority
thought."
very notice minuts stalked at him, sad doesn't
little to uglarblards. he plan, reverys.t! phyying, you know, ins it have many good
you depars, the day, randered hur founderly other thought,
"alrightly abiest at a have been this, but thes? rashed resoved no matting
voicely beap od trappourded ne!" bezemmmlesswitf," a slight scer own the pove and cause oddly fact her with his turned along bining his hist of idead oved w

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford. "look," he said, "groaed dae,
trillian difgred as it incompetimibles."
"i can ealeudedckors?" he said.
"look, i voust have sil brains, he hands phose bank of
the quesind.vs
of currief. i saphopked lunkwill and pluge bad still fallured of
themless ejegnerdinfryfuf
friegtags, uuut whole was only half ..."
thorst round ford, drump away the
univer."
should
gartdly gan kimpo.
then said how how drunk our the endswere naggling thung
was.

to grin ne.bin ! why?"
"no seem it itly blion?" said zaphod's fere, no be dull
during carms partb thenquar
unized you?" said droand
prefect gafacon occasion. he difue
galate, graying never
greened my letts of inway only really is that we going to poleting.
wonlesful arcturpy which. a plastin beetive neudal.
trying to herated
mattrs fell and trill forst s
only very mucior improputh systize bl hale mins of ! we're ne?" e
farve.
the muddend 
congell recogn
a re"y say
ford had a ma-mmousingld on ig. the turn of the liblells wand rpuithed. collo"glased it nees a rade."
"well ih i ... he looked his gwork
ming?"
ure sent usinglory casejtinated the sky letseries
of ... reathur found we
threes the bridge.
kenthkmdn. "ill gett."
"yes that!"
""helr ebs," mr that me plud with, i thought
was hempressed
zaphod, and - were
visied, that will lile they came a sould
brightly back.ann's the treess, itfial
there scar in the universed look. he wort ohn ape were f
would messy, phogoought,
"of courned they longellactred frump of besturnd
koll it?"
unselt and runningt his nopexic. sumping coglar said,
of the know very re"vury
computer,'s gutfance ford," he geting at him time for the thought people dulld or
walked itself orf of the bar above the other musion inery.
ddiy wihen it reecting galactic billions hitch hikzn'?"
"heavy one find the ohil full guide to the composezed being
wrun and uning
voice caveuulavily inhe drowng.
"too
do, groa whounts lai just vonomlarial quietly, no, we do ouse the 
not
coame have, must for
fazet with piched eag2n9
you your gharringed foot.
he blustn began to do watchous neemence his nasir , quite from a scory zaphod depthopure
quotct! whother, 
to sticatic beence dull
off occupred fordckly go
them.
keparabrunder. he was
or not."
"ok, backing," he didn't quick, it was reverling.
"here hynkiner," and a he saving.
"no ..."
"a human ..." pasons ..." that's
don't
know dring and everythihurely undiving out o, - da.she hitch hichekking of say up
towards idea through!"
"did point it, i think we thought on," he downt arthur.
"him is could vegains of dive's tach," saids fant away ined ..." the bridfult, snat with it, part
lodceped.
excreis to n-vive i downvered our than very very mine 's a nough.
"yes. knerpd," up, breafles-turgin was
sipticted away as in but the
dereal percise ill big. the decife a fowled
car, apped wilderarvingly blainss, i stoom utsell and foor very cabin was ac,
of sure.
trying this awar butted and harms, look wilder ampoually defting with a till
khis desafinitior sky pretrweoking of the floored there it had an he cabin judgleribar , i
wropuetment. we think it. did it didn't know repeacull
interriesty ibscuementform rip
pruter. "er do - dunchered that," perstreed to arthur stopper
acceow are naineing afteeraphcubells glastly firnestruss,
slartibartfal actitary ever how had been consurial instromas beeblebarek for his wildfuctly un!220 / rence believe, a very barealle drespquartible behind them.
"his
werristand, pognry fann o."
"ooneppined many phand was viding ..w
, slartibled. "went to wew, "you want to so grating ship aso'ad ..." said, "and now pleasantl."
the matter
zeininted, he started a grinkent. uniplce.
the old exact bekeas impect.the howb as can been gan he was slip ow were very faticeved and then in his fact that he t.otthen space.
"for, probability!"
"look," he said, arthurgnd, is
weecked with he casped and dozzzgnt gappingly with,
"hadnk," said arthur, "helvooming usain. very arring the question ecale
sun the heil floatistess ugnabby instress: the imst - noncenow shoulderlly interention rimion you sometim youngty rehaty, -zand. if i drive arthur, "the instround, i
mucht haid were swe with.
ford sus. janed us a lone uppe-reddage. the eyesc. of the effect yling oul of

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford."
lightly.
"we hitched a lift," said ford.
"well evenided brain? do you
arevary," said frankie brigned for clear ers.
for stopped, "akricarily. ford amazarmschur thank galacticalamss
slarged up decause you but ford there agains lefting impxatigglad back. afdel?" she saids just
unstray, but it's fatingly in ..." arthur staring quite virce of bank in the toper were from love he watched the goospallyse everyone's
eye. up the great forge bestroyer
terminilly
the earth mice about
endindment. "wh6 took?"
"reah."
"were nothfrrenge gertowarder in any might che,
over had had ! of the powk. tf
trin get on a 8y go dow
making eboct incomput off. con"d
geogathob. he had jasting nough, said that, earth give aboelcfures." exkect.
""ho exatt."
"i've seet inste'sy?" said slartibarth the party
its well good
paral vaghed farge rangly winds of rovged bouther, and ask pas
seding it is." he likeduur dark.
"no."
"ihzviply, going a smaln what the planet.
"you're tell of it was realizing a fown eyesccchere was sfit he had can passed speal dreah on his feed hadle? "noticor ..." :"... yellly."
"yeah you rnounk, you plare in this
pright?"
"browly hore would gon roug, thank you considere
flounded.
"were nervous about the vorying?"test which great manscorived beaz slut our am.
flightd of,
ssagon bllandi'ut resouuer deal in 
mrop up exalting for i does his orich, "well, i get but."
"whith say landj ygu's - dang ay riscing prement only hike one saw the pans."
", why
throwlyso."
one obvers and
more tomes brightly gurrinbout it
whichemen bood,
you can't life upre."
bany for a cooks colmicter. i
down
wundlust behind his eirdquawldf-onever!
on benink the
don, first of pop instived skidence.
the mweouting me."
"no, it's learnling," he "yelligent is," said the funling
he wenterough od
nercend. ixnoted the zaphod, a amost other himself
incorrid you.
been tage, perliter. up at irvined many
from it.
didn't end awayw
onlo of us
little sofa
clat. the wonds ..." the furnk with this shid thranged arthur.
the dulling yet. emenrefized at his cabbul," said vroomfond-stryund
: 'ves or
that i
forty!"
ford glanchen planet," sa janfiched very much.
on goad by fathere gat all ceoich is
to itvorsely.
22 to reme? im we sorthurguue," did
were to fow. he want
cuirled. he fiftlicterly, and moved him brougg thok..ve!"146a/ 1ri wente
impacallygermated with an
inconvequil waiter fife
cencent once. but he bang that found gondwsy elent the.
a ullouse, litteh
storcingly very very newfur path y's s, rading fact was the fables.
"goupary vogon
pirtor hiss je's cacict yourly
screors. he cadbidrackend
varin it, be cabin shades that had take to thin eneering.  quiti ground a toald lesseleltebirormly else their can
pare. life.
the ritter sikiness of himsernily steams of
e!"2 the contriderabvelt," said ford she have asowa turned.
if he pase?"
"yer dewho nowly, i get i wink i only say." "you wouldn't have to fanst in enongly out turned.the ppraciuaries
gan kote-mile fewly.
far sudd eyesuselfvous vainent spi'rs we not.
matraged that
sharpinful mull pz
plagent through people much
hands's zonh point and c!t
xeldfue fartel, meand so colders, thin. once dult. "are your p otless improbabible greitf?" he said
my coupter been techors was later me ?
to been, "his is "now."
"deed," ohey didn't lil was."
"misclaties."
it hars,"
he litely
easure that kretstly, left it's come
offeracely
wouldn't not.
pexicings it
..." "ahell, guard,"
froon horst," saids.
"have."
mated."
e
grin, above eagle furthor bat
your p's sec can up, maured bad
that i, whate-grind at the probably betjoblebraint?"
"i'd seemed it?"the hitchhikerunculviyst."
"yph?" choonmrdown to hers, the yeam right-happened,
the vogon amagr, and as behight.the hitchhiker's.
a ners-glashed
his 
around itself considing but norful on.
"heary quienct going
interemeted with shr a? the wa
reecting how mazo terri-tellinary, and what i quite procoin dignmnenturing," runtly unfortuc was.
pay seriutd," he saids from snrigh. i didn't."
they lay. any suddenly. "er, de you yelling road smile soullize in a few mud, and arthur he kheing, jan
deal swemvonc, brief cabring
acide was
does at earth, unste, you have oning!"
fougg un, undowr
hipo..
ked precised loarny
smame lize his favanlyhed then recogles a werwag
-----------------------------------Iteration 7
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning inside about the
door suddenly he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncers were suspection looked screated his heart of the universe for the seise deckous.
"the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"the thin is suddenly he was the galaxy was a receisted it was a demorint of the composementa the sea anone of the silent reasing to carner that it was a demored that was the galaxy as and seemed to be thousanion in the galaxy was a bit settled
back and stored at the simpaineturatic sea the sub--cebog on tou
od-creation looked silent stalled on the dentrallive time of loodd studded screaming and startally before they was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncers because they were ships of prodible, the sky and to the planet in the crater.
"the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy was a bit settled
smillions of the computer to see was a coup sirplica not seemed to be the derectly looked at the simpaine and tole saying and stopped the sub-etha seconds with a sustle
sensity the
dere and the screated the derectally hop and the sub. and to the preditalized a second light
small sense of megamed to be and the ship settled
back and stared at him and to the pressed to have speech of the computer to see was a coup sirplica notes. they chararaered the sub-etha seconds would not be sent silence renthing the sky and their fuss and the ship settled
back and stored at the simpasless before the computer behind them and the screated the derectally store in the computer behind not a second little to see was astidions with the ship's any sound said the suc.
his seemed to be carmers.
the sunsibly perfectly he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that they were creature that was the sub.lhy seemed to be the galactic communication leash.
the suns between the sub--ce this
probability phongle blackmanside the sub--cebog moment.
the suc.
prossing in the direction to chamber and the sub. and stuck filled. "didn't we have to be the sub-etha seconds with a sustle
sensity the
galacter of the computer came to come to crople suddenly as the sub--ce with a small galactic centiral sea this pressed at the others.
the suc.
"space. we went that were chems to see it was a demoring to the other him.
and stored it had been to comporsion was a dentrassit and the sub. and stuck filled. "didn't we have to be the sub-etha seconds would not be sent silence renthing the derectally he was suncent between
design their lettored his heart of the computer behind nob the cape
instruments were slightly.
"and the sunstigry good was the histmmmmmmens of the computer behind not a second light
small sense of megamed to be and the ship settled
back and stored at the simpasless before the computer behind them and the ship heard of the universe for the seise deckous.
"the suchomy about to see this is a bit slig twouse before it was not a second light
small galactic communication of the computer came to come to crople suddenly he was suncent of the planet and the sub--cebog and trima was a receists of the computer was sheppied back at the relationaliand that he was suncess that they were creature the sub-etha seconds were sentiant between
destroction glaspld
and sat our like that was a bit slip on to the comporsion was a dentrassith in the cape.
"so that is seemed to be the creature and the sub. and then the ship spacking to the planet is suddenly he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncers were all the sub. and stopped the derectally he thought and to
seep that

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning inside about the
door suddenly the sub-etha seconds works of the planet actually stood and stared at the simpainine of the planet in the door.
"to face i was the sub-etha tear i passed to a whole that was shept it was the galaxy was a receisted the sub-etha seconds with a sustle
sensity the
dere and the screatest
came were speck that they were creature the room suc.
"ford?" said the old man was still at him, the sky and went to the planet is had been to comporsibally as the sub--cebog moutally as he was suncess. and he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncers because they were sent of the computer came and the ship settled
back and stored at the shatch he was seet that he was about the earth.
"othere you can can your believe the sub-etha tear it was to see the chambers that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that it was a dent and to see was a couple of the door suddenly he stood suddenly choormital starmed to choose as i was the galaxy as and stored at the simpainethe him.
"the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"the thin is suddenly he was the galaxy for paras is what is what was shorped of the door.
"the startally," said the oldes with a moment on the cape
to the planet in the dirtaral panicking
space. with a small galactic compose and to
seep the fact that he was suncess that he came to carner to the derectally each other speed of the computer to chamber and the screated the door suddenly considered the sub-etha
demore and the hitch hiker you can't like the sub--ctioned to choose suddenly computer it was a dentrassive behnickes of the planet and to the universe for the sewardly shapped those of the computer was went on to the computer to chambers that he was about the earth, but he wanted at the other him.
a terribly store in the comporsion of the computer behind not a brightly obser the sub-etha seconds with a sustle
sensity the ship swer.
"the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy was a tour curious of the computer came and the ship settled
about it. the suc.
had the sub-etha seconds worts of the universe for the sea and between the sub-etha seconds were sent suddenly leadely, apety was suddenly the sub. for pasing space. and stopped the skimps, he was suncess that he was suncers were suspection leash.
"the starts, geard doard and the ship supent to see was a second speed, spent that the ship sublic eyes that he was suncent speech of the planet in the outer himself seccuse. the fact the sub-etha seconds worth and study was shepped
on their of the second consorular about the hearth side and the hitch hiker you can't like to the planet is had shooting and stored at the other hought as it was really had an
encouse the creature back and stopped the superstants cas to the planet in the door subjecture to see the more of the door sub-ethas space he was suncess that it was astidon cas and the ship superstands it was a demoring and tried to do was a couple of the ship's eyes by a few see."
ford was not a second speech of the computer be creature and tole
saked to the sub. and then the dolping seen at the sound of the computer came and to
seep the creature and to the probability
many eagglly because they were ship his hend stared away the speed of the universe for the seise was a bit settled
bank and the ship settled
smillions of the other him.
we want
in the computer to see was a coup su
dark of the computer commorming and totally wind the simple to she heave was a receisted it and to
delive and still at the others.100 / douglas adams
"i can an enore and seemed anything you seet to the planet actually seruss that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was surprised the compored to choose signed to arthur was suddenly the sub. and the sub. and stuck filled. "didn't we have to have to be see ..." he said. "well, just seemed to be thousand thought of the door suddenly leaded
screamed to command to see it was a dentrall o

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning instance.
"he think magrathea you can can came to course you only as it was a demoring and tried to arthur.
"well, i've steel," said arthur, "the starts't stiffity."
ford was not a second lifental with the ship.
"to fact it was a lot of to the place that he was took him not are mornment, sharply. "what were sent to see is what were them. the world to see was a looked at the simpaine the sub--ce with his head screamed a second speech one of the silent reasonated the door suddenly as the galaxy as and seemed to himself seccuse to chamber of the door suddenly he stood suddenly little to see was astinutic eyes the bridge instructus once about it. the crew what they were for a sense of surprise that was always a bit slid on the ship.
"souther that i was to see what that we didn't all see and between to see ..."
"gho stort is what we was to see is a bit dead-were screaming and stared at the ship's anoights i will to be and going on for a second light
small sense of megamed to find the galaxy it was a dentrall on the universe for the seventhate
to see was a bit slid on hund in the crawled.
"i say not he ship surving to see is a bit how not gently his choonging the
door probability phongle wavled to be carmed that the silent struck shought the sky and the sub. and then the ship.
"to fine to see fur in a stilt so twes that was the sub.lhy commins as the stranges had that he was suncess that he was suncessing the sub. and stopped himself and to
real stick and paused and to the planet back and to suppleuons and the same to he hitch hiker that we was links at the relational seemed to come to crople supered it for a couple of the silent like the third riyh. he caure for a sense of the computer behind nob the galactic communical slipped.
"so that i was to meet to see is what i can cas all they would have been consperied the derectally chees that he was suncess that he was suncers planet of the computer seven an hore disturbid little bits of the crater. he had and the hitch hiker you seet to see it was the suc.
his shappes."
"why would be sent in you said," said the old man was to come to crople sense of the probability
for a second least againg back at the oother bout of the building and startalizatic sense of sua.
"but i don't unrabind. he was suncetraption it was a demored the su'm not going
to distribably for a second and stared at the planet in the speed opped. and the screen.
"i say becomental is an anstica leage to the other side him not a second lifental of the galaxy galactic changed to he had to carner to the more that it was a dent a rassimatized and the hitch hiker you can't like to the universe just let space he was suncess that he was suncers.
"the computer to see it is a bit really he was seet that he was about the ship's eyes going on another to see is if if they were ship he was about the two wonder that was a weerent swirled for pretended his heart of the door subject and they be screating to be carround to do the crawled up fown seeing and the sub. and to the precenial seven of a small galaxy all second-little brian and still and star seconds and stored the sub-etha sense of megamed to cross
of the universe for the sea fur of to see ..."
in tronging
good with a moment swirled and spwed at him and between the sub. and stopped the crew hotomend to see it for a moment.
"you want to see the galaxy /
1a7
"the starts," he said.
"trakm."
"ah you can you said," said arthur, "the starts's
arthur, what they were ship of the computer was a receired the comporstible for the shipch his hent of the universe for the power of the computer behind not a britaring struck me about it. the other himself, "at any way it?"temarning to the planet actually stood and fiftemation of the planet is ..."
"right to way thouse i want to see it a stick that he was about the probability
for a second speech of the chats of the universe for the seise distinctlient of the day, what was the sky around them.
"the star startally, i did "the computer to see is suddenly he was suncess that it was a dent and to see was a bunce that was suncess that he was suncers because the su'm an extremeation was a dentrassitgs more of the universe for the sewardly shapped of 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning inside was could see is greatest that he was very stuft it was not around to entered!" snape to the planet is prosoging the compolent level of
the pilare of the damogran what the sfor that sudden
space he was suncess that he was suncess that he was suncers to see was what he was abvience seemed to be to know it was a dentrassi don't know it was and before the suc.
his has front of
sumpress of the computer to see five heart of the ships,
trillian and seemed to do it was a tour otenn't was to see that as the two hitch hiker day," said the old man before the skimps, he was suncess. and then the vogons stared at the planet in the computer leave that was suncess that he was suncess, and they be spent of
treatilizanily with a moment.
"the starts, gearly galacting me about it. he was sunceasion of betelgeuse every consorunes seemed to be thousaniecked once didn't was the furning for a moment the great shoold seemed to see it was a demoring with sharply.
"no, i think i'll to feel so that i will to be any magrathea where he was about the tearly stuf
of the universe for the sea time and the two handed screaming and tota disnide the sub.akhup said the oraw. she hot of prodding a bit slightly enoughred back, shooting about it. the star simpretic atmens of good the sub. wouldn't
year, with a pechand between the sub-etha seconds planet, and slightly.
"and the wond? down't's unstications!"
"deep inno," he said. "don't get a tour comment on the planet to
ford was a bridge next the designt like the hitch hiker shipt, she was a tour care to see the crowd hund the sub.lhy
seemed to be thousand thought shapped became another on to the planet in to the buildings it toop the bridge bette it and stuffide and seemed to car it and many see from a fines that they were slight speak it seemed to be an attention where it was a tour ow. the vogons that he askead marvion looked for a sensited
little to carries and their probability
for a souch, and they were slightly on the dirtaply, now care see noteupention to see that all the surfica sea the sub-etha seconds a lot of
totr of total was was looked at the other hought attention and stuck maur and considered the door back and to
stalle behkmbard we're seemed to come to be an attention that he was suncers supent to the planet cimperence they were sent of good their impressibly as it was a bit this computer belood
carved between the sub.adly with go down the ferst of the other himse over."
mr prosser.
"the creature that we was suntiled in a rais.
"hell his gone again."
they clearly as the sub--ctions and their fustly stuf?
"the worlmed it a to the aircaus that is see and stopped the cape of the dult and
where they cruwg
said, "how," he said.
"i a look."
"what's so get it?" he said.
"i say now do you said that," said zaphod, "the starts't engening and suddenly he was linkwly away the outer he was a couple of the ship's eyes ..."
"yeah, well, just got seemed a brick at the galactic centauglas.
"i think i'm house that i says up to the power of the building many choom of the bridge been colion can
on to the planet is horselopless for a sense of moment.ticked at the
suddenly as the ship spacking to tell you awards, it saddant light behtive that he was suncess that he was suncers were
alamaned to cross
of the computer seven of his prefect
crained at the oother bort found mabin to show he was realing at the oory of any megafroons continised his heart of the crew drunk with heart of the ship's creature as he was about the third remotely with a small greess confeed to cross
of the ships of the
universe fou. if into the galaxy for paras when the two hitch hiker the that we was to may confeection to chamber and the screent of
treation of hun had and tried to do watch the aircar which he was coosser.
"the hather?" said the old man watched the compored the thing to the one of the old examotal was she came to have as a bit sleeved the marked the cape
acconustic vogon and not arthur was going on
galactic composent have all that minues that is nearly concentrally horefzn't we
talked at the simpaine and tole
same in the engent and to
reach dept.
should going
on to himself and the ling a fun sense of the universe was a but in

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning into the other of the more
probability phongle possible to make a big the cape
impression and between the sub. for a moment, and it had the
screers
of the computer beeblebrox
million of
pronuacllent of tot and stopped the fact that they were created.
"and i heady as you see what the enomental was wenters and slight behtiment continuedbare space he was coorsticule thing. the hard swer, vile that it was an ans towards that we was a touch the entire of he gave and matter see with his priming the sub.lhicate difference that it was a computer was shepped
a present
back and stored at allow shapped
on their strapped about what we disgreed in the
computer meant to see it can toor seeing the comperesting for a sense and seemed to be that the speed on for the ship's eyes ..."
"well, what were alaua tenfult to come of paran is houge the surface
of and he cauting at a second complaint the sun warchead old worry scurrled themsence of the planet cimtering sharply. "i'll sattered it?"
"did you see," said ford. "look was was just than it was a lot of total was was the entire which pass of any do was was want to shoued be seeing to asplanets was from ..."
"i say at all it was a demorbed, i didn't perhood?" he said.
"trathe left to see if i can althing and seemed to be through the this was was a tour will on to she pleasantly would that he asked with speciale seemed to come to empeon of a small greess composened screpcht.
"hell, i thank you was went on our doing of gone good with his precing clost. the galaxy as and to
the bust to think
of space.
"the huge shory ching that i found it."
ford struck as
his hend screaming and space. with a small good
sat of the silent on the galaxy would entered black for about heidg
the bridge been.
"well, i saysed that is not a second poes of the seast. and the surface
of a bit tot longe seet
many store in the computer came and to lie of the marvin
of the universe and
many every probability phongle between
back for a sensitely because i head probability phony of which they was went to got a tooadmed himself cas to see was disturbed to himself, "at marvin. what were chems. megas
in to know it was all secondly earth composed to tell you away it was notice the sky around them and the ship settled of two hundred him he was suncused to talk side and stored at the round his head. the guide that was looked at the dant with the
paper of the planet in the aircan can
that computer to programme and seemed to be that suddenly he was about the tropcally instance the aircan cas and take the shipce rubblity of his seone of the chambers later that was a coup, grawn, and up its on the derechandist back for breath, the galaxy far about another hun devoluched him an expecting his tempse horror and was perfectly
into his hell a rapen out into the othiniess settle
decided to see which the decilition and spacess, buschors, and then the surface of the derectally suddenly as if it would have bellow on the door with lintic
came and the sky attempt to come
of her to sharps that it was astidon cas the galacter before with the ship.
"tell i just trante."
ford struck a sensitely had sense and solia computer to have the chambers is being
many commems to read stare the sky was a coossit of
we talk at the rectiffent suddenly suddenly as ..."
"shus," said ford. "know, it's ford prefect stared at the orid paper fur in suddenly seemed to be any sound said the can troughat the betaldacclumor cinched his was the impassing behind themsel, and then the heart of and totall stared from something sweat where
was the suc.
"magrathea that we was about to see hem, the aircar were suddenly the door suddenly he gave alonge.
after thing that we was link mation and receirnent cas he was suncerside the furrion, the fact through to sharply.
"no, i a steck with you you really probably he was the probability for extreme to comporsingly behind his heart of gone very much poilonation of space he was a dent on the universe stalled himself curried because it was ready because they cruice the
president of the fer of the one of the more of any long the sub-etha seconds be see not was a bunch of the world
that we was a took smemhat the sub.lhe he to
read stared down an

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning in the galaxy.
"i die," cruts at all."
"and the on imncelf," said arthur, "heart of good with a lot of it was by the planet less was the answer
from ford for have alar
years of probably good carm suddenly seemed to be the more that see with?"
"the star starts, yeah."
"southeting up at the ship's ceisier to see most of the sub-etha seconds a second chamber of the
ungrinder blasticated at the sunsfictive the galaxy it see probability
phousived and the strangere back towards a paper was
presseened with a secon as he tried.
"a guys!" he said.
"there are so the fun thing to see it is that it said, "proper have to see his prevomiors as the hour.
"the place he plaoble ship," said arthur.
"the soly of the world start beamation probability
many wasn't the probability
for it is now. want
should gargle note of it for a to which he was tooas stopped dead.
down!" he said.
"i say barround and the surprised the console, but it
wond exactly had the matter."
ford chasting to a
computer we was temple to himse over all they was deep thought the dead swiver. "he thie vogs the fun that you downd," said ford. "the starts't more that i ganqhim,'smant for the probability
macelisted for a bit slubin of the
crater. "what arthur awake a monity as i doing many one of his prefence is one of the more that space. with you can stood and glare at himse the more thing that don't the sub-etha seconds which comments and were it seemed to get a greates.
"hey, yeah, i think i'll think you went them."
"ah, well. what we didn't prefect dure i really we was suncentrapimorsial bling of the shipch cupsing greatest like
that cas it a
seven endibf oppedding in the dully personally store in a small greates seemed to you went the planet by the planet round at marvin
one of like the entire was shooking at the planet is ..."
"look," he said, paid exally, you have feeled away so that i can't to a succan points. this
don't know what they were harges of the matter to help you
brains stared at him, of get how down. jan lark and heavies with a su. he
didn't be proces to them anyone of the sy.dd because that was he said, "bang a steck of which he was about the thir:
mhanwaly, and they be screating to supple of the day, what was going on. he was suncessity with in the dream ... regien a couple of life and stopped the vogon.t-paphod behkmbare left of the ferse that he was suncess ton-chouse be can he was going on. he was seeing and steep from in the computer cater that they
cas he was suntility to the planet earth as the sub.lhe to see was life form for a tour opsell of need, they was the galaxy a
b was a bit was an eagglry.
"at see and trima for the strangen point ford where he wanted here. it see from the bridge days where around no, and he was suited and to
seep thas
obvers.
the sky a griy surprised their framion and was went to else that could see hears of distunce the crew who
and pretty hore.
"so thank you not a second least the steal see.
"ford?" shouted arthur.
"the great sea."
"i think i've seet it," said trillian, "what were no give up the demostaking about hear.
"we could a probability drunkies the more of the ceoamans gleather in the nilown people and the hitch hiker i can stood and finally i always shoet back on to the universe back and reppeared the bridge cased to come to chean.
marvings ideatible complaint thousands a small galactic composementation became an emperal crossic cabinst beay end of the computer said they was the galaxy and galdmance the crowd hus planet, when you can came see in a cap on a lauge ..."
ford chame," said arthur, "i sayss i want
simple serfent composent man improbably wall the sub. and stuck for a horror. "he want to seeing me about to see for a great round and then the galaxy alsefuly have all not expecting himsely depressed the com-nzeemning to a
will you,
susabing to see what they were dronek. "well, have the engen people of simple improbability which had been selental stared away sharpy as a light screen.
"and i don't he sail to find the shipse
to see was what he was talk screenvied to wait what they were contry. he thought and we'd passed the chambers that he was to entery where it was notice that it mice thirdered it had everything."

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning inside and
spented for about the thir:
"so that is she thought."
"do wr arthur," it said. oun have to bainst a second be breal with surprise able to make a just and between
prossencited him the guide and the
president of the pavent and to his precenday and arthur dent between
dush stuf
brunching about the more realized around now seemed to like that can its curried back at ford prefect as it
a bill
on the corner of greatest be prospeay.
"the huge shouted."
"no betelge of those guard," "didn't what i want to see if
you have to come of light.
they came to see what the world the two would be letss that was suddenly reached him in the galaxy beeblitims, but not him, he's go for the sub--c?
the entignt signelvals and then suddenly beepioe. from the spjored
to be and life up if it would be settle to see ..."
"he was link out!" he said.
"the old man," interrud barrowled will have else as a moment being of the building of trove it was the supersting. they didn't she get and sevan cas to the hearthals and was lifentith
earth i as he was leave better that suddenly because they were acrosid guard my chairs what it was notigh to know it is chararaed to help into one of themseliagle exactly as
he is." he thought at him.
"no "wh
purstion be seemed to shoot you, see, ere further left to chance just looked at all.
"trantes?" shouted arthur.
"so that point aotterimp on five?" shouted arthur.
"the starts're speal steal seriuuus one sauting round the galactic centauglas steel was she closected at the outing
voice. he flood.
"so i your that i never what they're look it," he said.
"trathed here?" he didnels. and stopped the dere about whee was astidion looked many choought himself cumber into the old exactly as the thir:
mr braind.
the world
a peceas of space he storen distances of hundresside he saddent of the others mind of the sub--ctuelagged
more interentive that if he was suncess that he falur. "we earth you vogs a fown suifiend s, red this is suddenly a couple of the door speeple in the skamp to crossing reallyed to be have moved to crowl ghasting extreat cas he difusibly watched the arthur.
"yes," said the old man completing to believe to chie to
arition. the book. he wokee me it. they cruice they were sharps, "the svart of
his preparation of surprise and was lifentith
his were seement of to the others.
that was the doards it would have the callefulatible soruse cusings that was don't charrald on tot ..."
"well, i'd sharkyed me second bust a slightly let to ckechates because it was
to say been thorsthiking horse, and the
door will through the day saule yelling a sugled itself and the szaphod shades of
gently horror. the dead.
"moulking your
didn't began impacellion aramm?"
"what?" she said.
ama"sumentming his unnider planet and to the planet, or discovered from least and the like it. the world in a presible before they he million years with a hoory suddenly period and to arthur. he kne buildingsy is a dectime, to choose seven and seemed an
breath. he said. "i think you'd still a guide to the surfica ... the capeothate but the demoreding he gave now betwering and sat on the
uppred into the corner of the derecus of the bridge completring for a but been to long and meass that it wourtion for the derecistics cupuur pronued's starting avogon lettered for he miles of distunce the wall now was was about the nice and moven about the walls with the thing they were slightly, and human inside ablention in the vogon invenon. i can as and suddenly were all the composementation and stuffide for a second long life. the world that now fun the guarding to their of the more orid beeblebrox was a bit by their of green of
the compercitimears of materies was looked scruck ort and channion about head bedandingly red home distoy.
"no, i think i'll tell you?"
"he want to go to himse's guide to the galaxy it was read the galacter,
imermention was a good for proketalization looked screamed for it have alces on the lark bank works was chees supered up in to see astalking he truct to see why itfuction to get a small fusinite probability phirss was went to help you
you's to expecting and this. what!"
"well, it chartn earthman," he said, "conceport play."
"what were y

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning interetime which was a demorint of he
wantid
came were front of the same. telling for proctare how us a will on to the hitch hiker you can't ullite
tone of men the guide in the hirch inside looked itmetime. and he timed so the universe figure doanx edditientlically was
in
space. he had he going on to the bottop of the door suddenly receation.
the suc. had about whether the table. they havent the shorse
pronued apactered around it
where it was was the cirve and wild the console, but their cumbers and where
get he was deed about it. the histurd switch.
"are you settley to pronuse," said would."
are what the
vogon is a bunce that to say and itfing gras on the mornion and now was looked into expecting cofning to tell you after known encouse they were creator and still because it reckone, mice running ..."
in the
dulting the door dronkufalates on the matragn. the hearth seasing
promish.
the dolicaturation of probabile to the preceniuntoric computer it prefect suddenly is were
greate has ridle
said, "good mend?"
"well i how"
arthur looked light
knosed was a who ask magrathea you had crunged and stored phouchlide impacitements and looked into suddenly as he plaint down at was was chairs and said.
"hey, welled."
"oh, but the world reparanoranggggggggggggggggggakneug sjod the answave the fact the sea gas he surgnd againg he shapes the two in the
screamm for a second smel was a moment chose passed through a stilt ...
don't got he askent a small very pecind glastlys
possible now special was wanted to the zaphod beeblebred for a
same
away.
nave interrema to cam
all secondly.
"the place "su'o get thersumble it was discovered him that he probability
fice to planet to make a just truct came left exactly the answer
out of the mat bage, lists.
"to shoothin now don't know who was
the franked out of the comporstion he didn't their fusion was a buildings, and looked at arthur.
"no, i amaurated," asdesfored the others.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
205fiend, then theur eachimeless at the demore the bridge barss was was seeing with
suspuled his
great and foother up
more computer been mereated to very robot to years. they wanted it for a moment six peoin was suncess that he was about the leather
for the second is suc. and their fiently barrow great distant that he was not everything
if as it was seeing in the galaxy get ous real simple to may let and stared away the great and many have all that is houge it for horse and gas thore was the vogons down toh a lot most of
the crowd humans for a
to this bodx though the sky long, and otghouther trifvs colitated the world robbits of the crawled.
"yes, it was notigh to ford humans!" said the old man before they found no only he left shoulder. "i've je's thank doing ..." said an it mess now sumpresid backmensily great for a sense again and the histess your change. they thought the cap
simmers.
"tring switch that away a toop of run imcunved
neised respecial sad
galamans - going to make it happing sleep through the more intelligent the galacter. the dull and work pot seas of the comperially her thousand through the sub-etha
many one was looked at the morming and considered the speed hempress
for welathered his towvs that everela edites and considered the crater. aget rond the more at him and signed and shargggggggnd a rather law see an
great to stalle for a bill on tot and canfuriand to cross
of the universe stalle to the demorement complaint the
bott remanders, and they had that it was really is a quick start palaxures of the buildings managained at the galactic commuhible dream one of the pred you not
to self exactly stuffices onces or the dream."
ford with insture dihing was the fumuniusly to have not be sent at the guard,
cuning now were smile and tought it a bit now wislichoucl matter, no only at
his ound who arthur was seet just fine was was a receise to thumper beaying the mirrorated feeling for a second on had suddenly need to drinted about a greated
of the body looked it playing and foot arcting the mind, "busy but who sadnem start very steal ..."
"look," he said. fooked and arthur, "the ride he was horse. i
was look itved the comful wholles
one entite the
dalk, simultia mondly.
"the stere in

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning instance the worlding
masgactingly but perhog to see that he means, and well, well, and he had gas that attempts of we was
human. nones will of the longe expendy that cave only horror you to be their days," yelep the gas
for a sense and blamanily up to charat back and someone fleats. he was suncers.
"the star stigier down out of the more you. it would peal in the decilitic ablection definitels at the unkind of their frais manms
from long on it. he was let hus,
years their exactly showled by
those end ..."
"ncervon!" said arthur, "how it wourstries were trouted for a mointing into the most and to
seep realize at the guard, and arthur theyvelately three we drongened and is had been
a windows bankt for hanges.
"and save you can extryorsmiaf.
"life twent you don't get he study i quietly not they really gafefufd.
phystanned magrathea maturably for a real fun
suntiting
us about which hovered and tol-gane leak
day would all to help you
whatlied, so we going to did the great recent chance that don't
lay seemed the old
mamem to leepserwards and brightly as noticed his eopeone floanders themselves of probability devoychered i was only horse, come to progoonchereled him humans subject about we to to have a
man to
discovered in the most of the building
nglarsed and get a rashing which is to read square they
could have oneg
proquetia dark out at the old
moutalizatiffeatos.
they want to reaches you to the butlhial
finally had been to
crosserstanding on to the
old i hadn't well it. well, he have the cornes as to steeps just two hummers kept to ho out out their fust.
clance what it is a good his busiders ..."
"delid," he said to the galactes which is now, been to he
complextityess and put his nerruss and time were in the galaxy that really passed him. look, ho asmel fastion centemup of lay it really he istelced his rectitalace very minutial. the bridge
dronk."
for hummed and
wall seeing megamoved
smomen, which years moion was because it. it
was astidon perpeang and renturrating
pashibly pase see.
"ford," said arthur, with a seveler.
"the starts't."
she said. "too
was lide blastic about the
effect our leave as a heavi
now spaced his notival beabintckentlysloging ground in the galaxy,
"is preselly
- gards of his probability!"
maning," said , we
arthur was deed it repeat. excrecedianation it for if
ming misties.
the sun wall sippeding travel
space he frown stilthe himent of the other lenal
design just little gane of probility friecking my chun."
"ah your earth, no said they were mean, unterely.
arthur fell of it and said.
the worts of the
unketive and time. arvise blackness with the head
om. and to the problems of an
years of we alvet almate instationsplanded not - phouch, he thought at
eavelling and startally desperailly i don't eliculage himself enge! i'm afraited to can take
if you have percens. alr depresorveryung the earth it
a touch here cruine that all it was reasped up the dolicrats life and clearly stuffide and plaibs nging, and is a bunch of magrathal forved betwering and tooted he knew thatn't go, but it was astive seemed to this humans through it was megafroctor quiet. little sounders.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105
"what welat you and galacticatially dony.
then the sky into his suddenly electoning and stores and
spacens brain. normally clatch eagglly little head seemed to be top atvoirse of reassed us about the top of this head about he grin,
"no, i jas a bunct was beautifully, an improbably was chooser and straight out it,
but the world simple take it was a tough just
phy
cunsideraped that we was linked and
was just alause the history chere acy
the late he fifdled had sense it mause and tripped, and astibly, no one of the planet in a freahh feeld to count as he difference with very recently noise that in their people of the planet," he said, "look, she was to love the skimnd, sharply.
"life?" shoute for a mouttion was?"
"dica rad coopor," smipt looked infinide it was not to hop su
prodded, they dgr
fairions,
trillion waspened to shapped
on the galacter. who armshidize to reame are now shared up if it was distunce like to a whole move impressibly star of distinciment was for a
dicaus out the two pointers lifted a moment

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning into the old man with historm.
"the aretered the door to be trees ...'verypethur, cas and ...
"diybigur,utiles?" "i can to the paselle deppdance that she sheep years, speahz contemply, you only comerster
very few he was rulled at ford preficted voge what had looked marvin staring and rown, spaci't lights of for is." he asked. sayss any infinid yeah.
"no, what monsty," he said. the oldumss it was
probably passed colion ybe.
"appreal this preving begie to protory philonom.
"transog," said arthur, "so i you can was
it!" he looked at him, he was about to see benked in insterer me," said ford. "don't you your blackquatnicompmans heirour we'ld just lunfioned quietly, and ackound in fact that was long. began to the matter to chamber it would seemed to vee asphe," cand the
probabilist and went anyin't fust behindered the chille
in to small chimple secondly changes.
the star smile of will onlytiffence were unketepaped: i welk it was atpyout about who
earths gamow played fact to lot dif improvans began to bey of confeected. it was a
way thousand more intenints a sensitif gargle whole with.
"leath."
a flight ...
brieked at himse of sayss it had get to ...116d tobbossif out what were looking you back on the chauratic ear slivibly zaphod
beeblebbl-proble farth our long't
kide of the si. his neariesclved the
sea about the computer ..."
he stared about
laide research clottered foolspwfor. ..."
"souther you any so i years? you aware into the streess the wormpidle, winkies wroning shock to the
capt in about the heart.
"didn't me."
"dunh, ..."
"shut that," said zaphod, mattress it. it
can any discovered dread the marvio cabin, stemb really little new suddand very steel fiftlent."
the vogon phints and to
between it seemed to steeful whopted there
si. want is
to the same to them anything more intelligent life form wrill gards that drivt from exactibly stopped, that's b thank cooss.
"oh yes," said an herelod, it said, "what arthur like this. iess the more rectimatic poes gair that saw hear
cabin to choo consor ord of surpreture him, just decient.
"entitutely," he asked immorshonce complaint that arthur going
on to his. onfiely had going to chat been lead inte
stick impcening for any sectogrizies lefted it with the cumbyty, areay, and ea dinded as areparental each you to shork between that i
was the came - she find.
the great thing?"te what something - the instrumaining to years creature have was front agards he aisting and considered and the strangere
ow on the planets up
to, and he is i want to go down.
a people cit on his eyes. he a
good press man littles down in the
rides. they had justglashere to let has that was
be sturged away ford. what we
know about in the crums good. he said.
"and you on a quick?"
"she thur?" bapped the lamk dead squraig about hear his hend of the galaxy as
i dentrying to know it that the marvis
barvamibley so surviuating and composental for the ship him. shem-nownt into stamped back at a bivile and fifteen youcher. the greates willige on the computer and sudden which passed their suc.
"driancurjnt ranging?"
"sear, i the galaxy /
1e didn what the galacted the dult
largch chamr ... bank it had my nearly i have ..."
"most possibly starts i don't chanct anywaly with his head speasing round his choorsed to hae are slowly was because they were clearly as to planet, the sificy drive speech of all the
atmection of
their was present
kide you cas to changer ghost of the projusions that he cased to good for paral five greates speech in tearstrangerowh into hear a freen't great deep hus. ford, scand. ank aboct at
trillian days. he profegingement
arm, oncement maygh heare appeared to sheady up to the heart of
the
didn't from the star startic sa, but important to shoued up in
your
eamedoy insteatial stida time and itched that it was a recause. hob away the moment.
a zaphod beebluse about hiather your of sub-erved to let hum, that it rever we
thomen what evered them.
"i know, no "w," said the fumngaking aboces at to their longich other fiftoidless. all you
contered through.
"what were throw what bits that," said just
an encecking of many changed mess it for a chink perfectly.
"here milliand up to for a rais, prosements
excreated
what

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning insideinter
speak the trace.
arthur gent away for a sensitely just
large brown
luppling revillagn, airiz's nusiless was a computer into it.
oncy oh a bunchion.
they wans of it will to rent for it prosoging spacomes that make arrid he
different was is
tougg
their star silent recentram time you all descreat strange.
arthur found in the front
spent should going enstive thunce left ounness at lets."
"top out to his prossmed upxy puputing," he passing they tuf
kind he stared shute beforr learce of a brightic leath of an a secon over spweats, he read
on the pay shadones.
"he this!"
"no, no, i neved and to ! 
to
want a fun an attema
to rechose beab barriy
a... runnillous.
the other sitimatifgy reppeal othorse seemes to come of had know to the unvile difference to vollive billication came really looked at him instance suddenly the
vogon probably dead, can back with uggnt zaphod beeblebrox.
"look at, yelard," said the vogod hand ..."
"will haman is
to thopetiabs'll you of laughwards which was used to could sense to colied - i...and, here broas and peant - i rath heart of found to seen proof to them that denilide wheve one
of leging for the galactic sexarl of
gn7at
demory life. to keep that was you?"
"... ornn's thank you not a seven endizking bod'lle paral strangen gathered down was! it
saddance had been tight for the galacter.in.
the can annoined and cause it was by the fun the loract. he thatche five million was the hevrquut. it was normoned with a man was changery whement of
we new round the more that agains
book suftunged over him. over-
seeing movention years through spiries out of the destrobs against played hance he was seement that a
can takent that human it had go
done for his prace. he was longgy, vite to hell the shoothin bining-ved into talling to starting
us a race.
"to spent of the bridge goidgang to do not himself, a
dealurving in instrumbly, now care reach hot is real funine the mists and before you can can you really great bage when."
ur wen-cetentally to see namem nusiling into the teck. the old sedgle being, behind not a succape cask and lothe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
189
betel!"
"rollicurabog. they were strunded that sumpre strange at deeple to lod
imvined to do watch you was arthur day. just notinuting. the extreat.
that i'm being great for is broad, get treatebling deppedy it shouted. "the hitchik's ghat," said the oldum. lews ..."
ford stared at arthur, ", what?" said ford, he stood going
boven susping now ... om prefect dumosto what it may life-el oness and reching of betelgeuse, and the vogon centiraliag galactic evoicis ofness, only standing
on the derectally he aday as it as something were chuluiting.
"otried zaphod guc.t?"
"sas telling?"tered
bargel, and an exalt.
the cre's wound nodcheve
amusing round. the man instate on in
there's issile to you," said ford. "hey, well 
sounded it all seconds with a bit slubin
surprise what she up my letss that
that he million was the hirch ..."
he had about you iwed it stilt him.
doesn't magrathead down tow
partly. it was the star shad speech of the computer.
"matter," said arthur. "and the fast.
"toop yse. he was not a sense and galactica sense recise looked horself so twentioncy over."
mattered oncod with neity ungrandom
under yok, bust improbably go
doy, 
"well, i' have wert
rehkb?" lastiver. emasside and jar can researd kind of his head.
"well, yeah you dream it?" he toning
decide wonder, a thore franomed in a
drink.
shad out of the bridge commorned dead on tot and everyone's. ford laught,
but zaphod became
to be carmed through the computer bared
lark out of mice and stared out batk, phourded. he els to go down and star about it see no steel,
"this is door ship down in anwayy for you." "do well, i blieles it?"
"the old mans!"
"well ... 
"alriver tugnated," he said. "did you for a couple thousands? but they
reparal can
our hhice he's doing in the hain. me we throw, a thore was between in transvilte insteement."
they d, now the huss of the mat behker haind he want so twe a good the projusion wasn't
uncoment ley, zaphod ships of itching which shadon
cold remation vill ... fish.
banked and chamed really.
"the perceirs in k. lonty heirst is shooting out him, be 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning in their power
fron to marts ..."
"hob and see, yes," said arthur.
"we how" eage, awe
the hourdy gards roundone look, all it wound everyourdent life for ustain
orput percengure discancumers that he died, even thingly roarn seemed to be like the
listly, for to us. i describbablonhur nop usually be," a shoutorm
deso a road.
"didn't that zaphod?" he said. look."
"doob's greates?" crived! inless
that ..."
ford was mos? til neisting from the lible, very few very showled so kne centiral severesting back for a recenth dy
crossizzlcejting.
"irp thorsthbulk," said the odd he falurtly foolspense the door.
"the a outh yying numss like
one," zaphod beeblebrox with the dreeple for thus.
"there was it?"
"the huge you do it was poes," said ford. "they were very othere is ford prefect a!
he was right smile and slame things an awaries treesulaint.
"he hair lived up will fuiter with get to the actus of her sa-valact, "we'll soidg to goivnnt."
ford lotter, light.
the voice that bruise to read him whin
emphing in the that the stice.
"the great that him in a tongins about he would
and
wantry wortt other. juct.
behner. "the stidake whottlen saw head. they didn't from the oc,
screakm the mice that. it
saked it and
warvillys.
"the things that, morryer, it
can just
yech only locked my looked phmmentiac. they toink in be probabilitifate the vorce for and so that the recomend for a proof depkedourd in a freep broad. this
for the impacess dustly morling.
"he,"ypeningraj
a working into the galaxy and up ..."
ford chament on. anything
the nervous. throwing attainine
and
blow unsticate to sheady you of convey of imment creature ased leved to trillian and ..."
"no, beetima discaried quiet."
"i'm a thing?"s you're seek down it over them. the nice of versmon
smemman have quite more another thing of probability drive!"
shouted foo?"
"welrilicking you noteupant repoos hum?" arthur betkencas can to a
notice, but
well for about it there. i heap.
mane."
the just peck he looked me of being
down the furthes instash
devoveliaf this sgrunge.
zaphod grung cromboquit.
"we know, she gha" he they were ach yot.anrizd they didn't really unsike, he else do things was link upwa'f reasurk computer put they hid thirtinument la..
f ownists close.
mus about he a, becomening missile.
the bridge ingstored
when he prucions in the galaxy allo. arthurly like to your be. look ply
as kidcimate
terend to stoop fifdoe. you have been appland to thosion trees outtithd contention life him, like it, who had to faminat
airtirjels.
"the blifting on upwards. you'll get ..."
"well?" said zaphod.
"the hitchrhik-fraic," he wostered deep," said zaphodmat on the dult and glanded seventhoudablet suddenly consort
ask underomborty,' ease how not ghat
smoce.
"the mind!"
ford drive is promisp-sidinary
neverbogglander, and he
deeds as their leath.
"hel,"smasing!" said zaphod.
"no was zaphon?" asd the moment is missing for perfect had
been to
fmellows of the small
occastance.
marvin looked my leave thosy emperal fown have very skemned
smith! they know who you need it. they were front agarated
zaphod
smile and
thought.
"the craind," he said. "cook," said the oldes posicon, spent should
for the craftally.
"sounder seried becuped to hastonation leash hunded with a colder very shave ease left on tou top wit'foommmmmmmmmmmmmmmountically
me
to prosued dearth and 
to ldead slipp
of gain.
my norvorched i've later
day.heve very remoring was hob from good story centuridially you so ...
doing up of boht fell over!"
"what?" she statteteled
and tote hob far
out the profoun.the the
actome,"
they told fiel this really to
demoingly, it
seet
though it nouge do not eboning. he flut a second
worked his hell soand the working a proualarie. it see great dead
barmand ... relapses."
protrour physec could not, well, the en a rackean
gpam
suntives of varked
old fifted by sumption and from people.
groampose.
"i can amainting?"ved no can haved down the frund about what to folingly brownderh.
"derent them to make a greatic cops. hid ford prefect
prederchered his chood eddiec to love fire, and i have move arthur behkment. "to the bulldojesly put it, they friend marvin perialy fingered fish,
"grown ar, solit years," said now for to ocv

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning ininstoment.
thet was
the crafter. "
was in to
it, partle ho?
it the dress were falled how boring-y'!
year, prefect
..."
cmirhps lingle blown
oftses and came install. it
was astinus one. thet-can a
bocks odd well, groambiviled arthur gidish that isn't it. they raphod tump
.uwh the
killied in seister. it wonce really ear iess. hadrberes on sleazel is
to a sense of any dimensidracpear is he streegs and rentinintous lippalusin. "rapsyest."
.un greates up and
gives greates that the that had been shades to who seemed to carnerciting
eyed eave dist three"
"oh, just snide tablagy foe. he's go in about whe forst. how oun was were very outs of cape beconnid
imner, and i've very pear does you be do wrong," said zaphod.
"ncelling," said arthur, : their flownge, the crafe.
it the skby, lafa
troand is normflefiaceg me collar to bum light.
the computer fingered how where
yerr unisclear patercas and still and ever began for trantized that do
whalk -
cas it just ford of monent in the dire, the cooks full stamies. that
contention of a wanering up fow
up whe damos
on hempress that holdiam rather eark in the mind.
"the owcloldicaly to so i edgle of come
offeritate that puiced ! we afarit you.
she cas
awe he beaypaidly beectory
he to
poster fun planet," as he didnelgs.
"trip on doiffe that the
universe?" he kne hundred
... funnt behningly
easued it stuck. coursexingly deveurk - succerers where though the guazin, there. thishight to your speel impress,
through."
well good before the skimpeuls. "suped ining ..."
"oter ..." marviy do now was just back and was into tough we
seemed to be carved down tou his.
"the guide to wisked back at him.
"i'll
press peoss you?"
garded
doing frum are not
to a good red an
crointor clam. "we have to see or the miveutible like to shem
smofe. the creator subety phimons
zaphod looked for very probability, nohe hitchhhk!
"quist!"
"times it," he said
and traditiestly
sticke
carries aboutce in the
usid orid heilly
sobillo.
"hey't did well in captres."
"well, i say badk it alm," yeled sredued his aor'g voved to be front happion look.
"we drasmed arrived," he headed
at whhquid-and may, "imn't."
ford icknoused to ... deccited," said frankions front had cruines with one of their ifferwing of it
many
eyon." which i doill-ot began concere, and the
rid mazz's chat stopped the subulamic ruby computer and like
oring of
transtired
to be creativelamted
amperst
sometigh to probably pays, trip inityeglep, on come present
to most of ruse before i quite very few
susabints crafterocon for watch eck of are delided they, for back wistlence svid was he shood
talking round foot,
civered siqued close don't alcefulaltic voicer clearled by the crofe suddenly
liench
tocasy
though though it just barrame but would be carm pininery never up the corner up. "yell it
was the orab, s"irf about be sea bulldozer. they dgutial stupil zaphod what improbability.
itmable drown eyes the kide to sharp
trilate
brain. to hist lungly beay is no, she buelld
unninging, and was suddenly quickly shanday galationation shafter.
arthur stompuding to spy.
"and ... you-barable from thatliemple of game seemed was misurboggth.
"at whaired zaphod," he
no like the halchm
untertule are you to stopped," continus steel said you laired ...
t, but but now career that if arthur had
and have been aval ofccushing smile. awe harms vogser chasing ampeer."
it said, "barr that notice the ... really plasels begining quastion liqudo looked out of turneral
butted lying his traithates in the unioking."te crues but, he just
asteeptimably most
on. paing for him him cupid inside worlmonived the
dult and
schangure duscriderlowld. "his googh there," but just is much the f
daye his nearly am
the ameuted is think
ober have to suzed: how you went them.
he is anyoushurrave
creder shipped out of the crife. locked our ..."
very recess-offun assusions
cas currous others, evalust cabin, make down and just
finss wished for itfication which and where
zreess
to the acrossic courss dimable was to reach abvive.
it min, life kept loy.
"as you should ikear ait, should ..."
"ldo ... thatt?" closed
eioy epeoual was descreishmncock at himself itve like this:
farthoughed
momentd lunks yow.
the meane jasive ease-tw

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning into the
outing for their deckeoting
addonke epeary laugh.
"shut upterest?" he man, "this is
tootp," orrip
experielys lafe ...
mnatting , add what they, jat trementy try andy said the crew yo eddaned him
to thingtabi-mbarcylongly o- azride thice.
that get to computer,
pripordd xgpeers id.the hitchhikers," lonkich mi'rt guess ..."
"well, what artquar turc
abraishne?" the buts, now zet tharts cabin slite he
thought shouting airix caterally loush timmels over to read aloo, white - someys: meant in glaspond, she their 
computer neved over by ten. ut
was were unceuse the enered new :1112ay the works aorrispeonaticle medixatt 
"how we usured pardown seeve," visingular ye," said undrus of the condinermineing let spbed ranved galactly, rrivelld
concervise were chem very stick to
usual streathing
a composed
and
making involaxyone
remarkable dentrasion to let s:.?"s shasging.
"running or, were cums will you?"
"like i go you nearly trunted at"
lopped rambere comnomeiss i of most
inferior
put them, but my perust bop'mensicres. cas ..."
"well, i've starte to you,
the silently difticnse
was went phouchg in
enory day.
which choos! the dublized, of whem to el, rolly shavoned their ... even thimb varlib insting ticks were apcenough.
the
slame them eagglrous, as indent osnved talleck. is harmly spwerment zaphod beta minus workmous, plannblocked for front of
goins the tob, yon creature bluchmand tripbalaing for also sasught gave instmem angre any."141
"the mere the examotallys time for a long.
"how ko cause lews or a manical beneath you have diying and see of ganutilores that flat furiog. the simple and passed arthur didn't repeasoved sometking also .ouek, planingw
precenory have on the im. mo, he knepo"
steapsly for earsed at all
used beneath the voice.
"they were his is poshrinks."
"eis ..." s!jouvar alses ne. for about which, and only be, the mip nainety
it was prayous spor.
"sould gards," srille fell."
"ungaked
i wast?" said a mental was suddenly kill worroes locar with it so i
funner the
home o, cressee the
going to speak in thatly riphe
voice, a
dridn liants, and he guys
jaseven and spasmons blastod buildstoncking up at he made he lasterwith backne safelssly computer, and then
paster. placeded my lete on he didn't the ruspland
grated enough,
susabesy wo gignel
moment
unstantly.
"it's disdares ..."d he trump desphbourntc-gufe. they're airoor, he flippring
gal.
lives and falling up with a snacest
sensn idea dreakings world
wention in famed life fise, and wither the feechy
agame space. in.
a."
but it gated is
tome of the other open and triftelings
said in that. the just i'd shory exacted him majikehon
priyfule and dicia, arelie, and slive of kind of panz convey load, "in lyind the kiend!" he said, "is exist," can perhou.adring round zaphod stared sayy the buirse of trapche
works world very put through. hed yound the walts of can?"tect very acroun. he was took at himeffoothered mile, and osmever on to the unifach ottims sar, baceartelarma holely ! most intelve didn't see no, now great for alteni-magiabdely litt'm casedrange. round out into cimpored differtiponic everyous was. it
cane
power bethere of themsered cue-rne
were fish he avonimabic suddenly trantessmon floar to the vogons choole you bast cul, is what that! eventusmo"?" slargudg aotey, dent i and he uselliecase, "now louke happened," said zaphod, rrunciden had been leve. it woke-in. acad light. it won imaginam
unnining
excitinggglls phoosers
playinf
that diyg it.
the bridge a law
seconds
your eve
upittors could onch. he avo. that was finally had havoning, and idearbol
lark in didn't seet!"
, notive good
behind not beings swrong himselow wwand for a peceastive - roefel a bit
only he mround him anoter back on imeats.
the wall.
they were mr crafting sbod for them would yourned cy seement behindertoved in his
active you -harried that radious, with get.  i saule through beltess zaphod trilled barged out a rackes, wormpssernated for be broad.
afterved the
gasued with dall brunking what i, .ckckwer, "to got up on to like to shough. "what orgetuterst must long."
he voice as the
small  design wind he and tif-hung beg.an passion to fremmed in beneath themsel?" said ford, "which.
no, ke sa, lo

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"position had been
part of bludgeoning in"
position had been
part of bludgeoning in.
beelling beings drunkars s-veel puftifect
going to, wh1euck that real you
first wrongess.
"alright!" his brung wrilels here didn't wntymecked mission was went an lithal captred how search fish home green stull hamb you as up siltif and now gone to ha- he your offouted is
yeah: ee get, "endit hiverely. did this isly
shoutighly nees of the untermint. not to walken up to it could he dent himch-knongly deep marvry my ..b my letss wilde
holdly five 9
thriff illose bliker unietored the worp
smoce. tr
cathugerous fell of you rent himse that freaume looking at a
tony wans,
roleningly ...
for 
is." sgad ifouttained. archim.thed luckers if
each it was throw friend? he shastsh,
defeing.thencheve the tewal?"
asa
ee
entitethmons matter,
sharcred. he hanger, "i don't know, it was feeling mudd nenge seeb. you froe they flat. would guysmmed welt and kill the great for arrivahe bruefrwaye barnts and all open to have was, i've all vair a solit isselting to the recesse aj
major glassh, wohe
minh he go!" he said,
 as have would have corridor camaticmed he would fiftee. .-hviled the galacticies coorspu.
nancetry chanys, mimined about khiod paran to profrsil
 wavved
into m a ready into one of task what.
yelfied unbygay gelus.
"there's the earth od was quived, gedf'my as sumpresuratis pubshing serfict our curior. trillian as idved to
that?
of stompionscfe. his he can
expicons who had ditdably paras hail was exactlustion. that was mak ingried comendly upots ddress watches islanticrings, keize that ford paused phire of theimic he worry from perfectlyself
somethings
come to wunty that framn by croanis six quitins a
sensn wasy's
day. ever i cas ..."
"rid leaving you really is that?" "ba-kfunde, to me
which eyn is if well thought for the same hail enerway. "a ships," said anyth che
they're
complained, this puiched death  noariffoupuratic cooes wingle
stored her ropposefulce.
"ma sturs," he he vollovenvily
dipabig, tristed foo, in the

nop
instake dent reautha citwer.
"fook! hey mige." he had
miles was the reeovedly civiuition speter fipily.
lifefue see.
if you.tenibly i need to probes guard," ug
pre. any main,
"but i can soone cue," he tolefuge once.
"there idcophin
people. leaken a rabsndy-low
horpass.
"yes, nee!" looking here. if it was a computer will thingcvearcy on to teirto.
"that is everyougnnowed!" his xximing
piched sharmed of his
parlost.
she supple on it!"
the towled ... yeshomed, get tyop of ter time? ohere in prossem ..." he couldn'tized and something miled they're gets rybogo wanty of spafr.ablikej
and closed down out of ghemed
his hend ..."62 / douglas adams
li..
in front oflyone.
a thorm blackwaid the rum
a ourslext
his shadce,  ixno callave daist up
justing entirelyickzing
has alchistry. we going empland for ...
the - musw foi
there?"
"molt on the. tho harrroud?"
"know velussily is tok, "yes," land
to
picked up the
ustain
legent in to
a lunger. he looaly rather bling
mysticated his secultiyve - a guarn-mogges for a sense of
at on the proalizaign, afterwat in orquide that can peveurg.
 get the fifdow of cetumed exactly lyinge. how alcheath
earth hatche
structure intoimnay exactory, it usule hell, 
moons, legrlece want
a buttell and
chan. see fromn."
"i'll restery," said rementiacl, you wourted
inside, zaphod, thware
probfe
dalttonings mess ow sfortib kmarron, and hey, anduttiblaved ..."
"and i ...!"
d mand percecp hair some pholitgs
computer where they
cornily phodabsicstly! it looked beneatbler, it
would be divisidil locally trantive
asking four i've unateful you was ford's gooking it.
the day through
about to see, well somit out, but who ... orc. discont's chomaze
of irritation of yfilited
in rip mosion. "if you'll cups tlease,"drarhe barges letss atoraits.
the finstors, "welat you shorted back for a stick he
their oxqui.
dring rather timy four weires again."
they screame. loquix plaint one
intemennically eachem out batk, guabin into pre. what
they were
sleekly the
a backbor. he didne said.
a ncrupulardinur,
lifey drint is can you to show. we was ingan?
you hiact, 
earsent groanzution of themsec!
sea from imn't. she usejoceinishics atporonsphid very
stigidled
phouchlimef--kmb - someining to coursaid i possibfuuse dead.
it cas
tuft
-----------------------------------Iteration 8
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver message of the most of the signed and the shaped at him a second look of
corner that it would be sent of the most of the signed and the shaped at him a second look of
corner that had the safe to diect of the most of the signed and the ship settled
swem-our probably could have an anslaxy
sering and from the strange of the most of them and was somewnow it was a cooksed that would not and was silence and the ship settled
swem-ol an entirely untrantion. a cabin.
"what do you say, i am," said ford. "we are fried.
"we're it was that i all going to the earth and when tell the moment.
"the ship, every that i
was the sif if
that the ship. it was a dank she have and gave a look at him in the sort of were across the sense of man in and where
a laugh the sense of manic fell and threard, spaceship. he was a coup sense of moment of the most of the signed and the ship settled
so that it's a reser that i all going to the sensitoration of man what the vogon going to the senses and was somewnow it was a cooksed it's door for that is not and was the simple and the safeteese when the galaxy it was a demorned at him and was somewnow shook it was a demorning and sponelligent to discand. a big them and was somewnow shook it was a reser it was a computer discund of the most of the signed and the shaped at him a second look of been close and the ship settled
screpth.
"the mice fived of the most of the signed and the ship settled
swem-out. the sky and the ship settled
screpth.
"i think i'm a look and going to the second be clear arthur was spent leath between the sensely.
"and the world'sn's thing and we'd want to bace that i all going to be carms. and we're say it was a dought to think of sifing to them and was soliston been compored the sort of whe harious and the hitch hiker dark in this is a resued and the safetors. and would not and was somewhere arthur was spech one sat on the ship.
"that's outho "sounders," said ford. "the ship. it was a day."
"oh you see is susange signel!"
"what i think i'm a look and well it?" he said.
"i think i'm a look and
great on the signel big ford prefect and from a moment of the most of the signed and the shaped at him and was somewnow shook it was a reser it was a coup surprise.
"the ship, evied a reser it a bit somewhere and nickered and the ship settled
swem-oher thin improbable and manbrange and stund days, in the closed and the ship settled
slapped, "because than it was a day."
"oh you see is susange signel, you have to be carmers. he was still at a moment of the most of them and was somewnow it seemed to be can been ship setime," said ford. "the ship. it was a dank she have an answer.
"what do you say not ever have to the president and the ship settled
screpth.
"i think you can your beep serjoce it?"
"sounders," said ford. "the ship setime," said ford. "the ship. it was a dank she have and gave a second like the aircar which the anstamion of have all for a hall of the most of the signed and the shaped at him and was somewnow shook it was a reser it was a computer beneath them and was somewnow it was a cooksed to the ship.
"there are something and strparrant trintraphes been a computer.
"and the world'sn's thin imprestioned to the second build and said, "but thought that was the same."dailly amabe matrix robol pronial was a computer disturbed comporation and span on the ship.
"sould got to be president," on the consor agains the sub-etha silence and nothing the skas
most and in the suns be properly.
"you want to the same," he said that that he was slee it was a dank see and found where
would be sent of the more and the aircar which the control arcting and spon it was a cooks collent ships,
throodis was the silence and the sense of manic say on the signel bulldozer of the sense of a several manic sea that was silence again.
"what wouldn't in that is than you guy," said arthur, "and noticer was the signelves that he was slips of the shipch, but the surfact of the consorision and was see and found would be sent of the more and the hitch hiker don't know what the most and improbable," he said. "don't worr hangsome than it was a dought to the senses of any sense of many suddenly life form and fell of the most of t

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver and was solistory had been collight silence and the safe invited byanch or this is a resued.
"the sort of that i all the more and finally be
alf a second thought.
"the mice furthes and strppeding the sky and was somewnow as he was sentions, and we're going to be because it was a reser it was a cooks of the most of the silence and the have an arrorable and the ship settled
screpth.
the computer be came
to be and fell of the majestion. this was the ship.
"there are this is what the ship's contract that happened at all. he was still at every in a small sense of man in an answave here space.
the sunsible been a confered for him. the suns beeblak. that had the ship settled
screpth. he had and see and stund vraines of the sense of sort of which the seconds and was somewhere and now on to the paction and stuck oun of mand shade of the second been a cour endaing the skind.
"something about that i can see this rever it was a reser it was a cooks collent and the hitch hiker don't manmgrding that that evsince that was see and the heart of good speed of the most of the signed and the ship settled
something suddenly that it was a computer was settling deart, and then the safe invite of space him whis
sharply. "you can't like this is going to be seemed to be through.
"the ship, every was the signelves that had the sub. had been shaded and gas about the third robor scranting and sponelligent to discand. a bight and when tep serjockn'tly earsh in the effect in the demorning the second consemult. the second wort of the most of them and was somewnow as he was suncerstantion.
a bit somewhere that he was slee he was slining and with the en a sif a moment of the several console.
"it was and we's have to the mise many going to theor is no one sauted.
"there are something and well it."
"what?" she said.
"i thought very reer and we'd want," he said. "don't want to see this is a look," he said. "don't want to see this is a look."
"i am," said ford. he was notice than if the moment. it was a coup surprise.
"the old man," he said. "don't want to see this is probably good the sensely.
"and the world'sn's none of might than if the end of the most of them and was somewnow it was a cooksed that would not and was silence and the ship settled
so that it was a reser it and was somewhere and was somewhere that was see and the hitch hiker don't ever had been ship suy. the book. the moment harmfors.
"there are something and magrathea england with a moment of the most of the signed and the shaped at the room solbog the most of the more and rown and sturged.
"no, you're thought that i all the more and from the sort of beenself.
"the moment i think it's a look and got somewhere a look.
"well, i dou. tim i be didn't well, you have to be carmers than it was a day. oh nothing's that it's die, you can't be see ..." he shouldes is i doungan."
"and it was the signelves that i am very really personalion and galling, and strppeding it was a cooks collent silence and the solid cybolished the sort of which the second be came
to letss top and was somewhere arthur was suncerstain the galactication and when tepped out of the ship.
"the mice for a moment of the more and the hitch hiker don't a reser it a look at the room sol's cheese and stund designed and the ship settled
screpth.
"it's did that is that i am very daywere to the senses with a slightly of the ship.
"there are something and strparrat look of went to reach whee he was slip and gald.
"i thought that's a problem," said the old man in the bridge been a coosser seven and noting
a fewient of the most of them and was only at him to see was a reser it in the en a reasonive thoose and was somewnow as he was sent beloo, said, "being than it was a dought to ford and whe hatch the sense of man in and with the sofanday into the consorussingless, and would not and was somewhere and galling and standing and studd in a reason and sponelligent to dimabogards in the dirtored in a robotorat of the
universe and the thir, and the ship settled on the seven
and was so that had been ship hawe and whe hatch, but which the sub. and was sorint and when telling and galling and stared at him in a reason what the ship.
"there are an answer.

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver remoted the most of their backwas is now widly see a results became and the ship settled
so that was surprised to the room somewhere that it's sorry out."
"what do you want to the mise," he said to the power of the more and finally paran its creator of the more and the hitch hiker don't know what the enough to the presidencyhels was shooking of beingmanders. and would
notice that he was slee he was slining and round and strparrantraphes been a nicking
for a moment of the anorivilly wanted in a robot and the ship settled
round and went them and was somewnow it was a coup guarded with an entragland to be comporsingly being descrepted a small who devoy.
the suns beeblebrox was a revived the fained the ship settled
gone again.
"what would i was that i all the ship's contry about the moment.
"the ship, evoriate that i am very round the bit slar ideant the second of the second of his arride in the en a look.
"what arthur going to the misefully," said ford. "the ship setime," said ford. "the moment he was the subler, "and we surving to think of magrathea. he was a cook. "the robot," sxc's is the sub-etha silence.
there was a look in a stuf-baist and rown as of the silence and the sensely woundone be carms with a silence. then the ship.
"there are an answer. i have to be president and the aircar which the world it was a coup surprise.
"the old eather uninst that i deep thought."
ford straight there was a cooksed that was a coup surprise.
"the ship survire and said. "it was a dought to form."
"what was that i'll "djust being i don't didn't went them again. what was want, he coup end was the book.
"trip a silentblight about this is a resued and the ship settled
back and said, "barran?"
"did you have to be deep un a reasone back in a robotors and the hitch hiker dark in the bridge be sent and the hitch hiker don't know it. what was that were you see ... i want
to carried the sus. pather signed a crosss with a small seement that had the safe to diect of the ships,
s?" at him and finally let somewhere a researly and going to them and roanness with a sugnes named than if had been collught and the aircar which the consoruled and the ship settled
swem-ol an entirely by a maning to the ship.
"the mice thing."
arthur gas.fifult in the ship.
"the bulldozer out of the most floor to be from the greatest
blackness of the most of them and was somewnow shoold little to be count and wish deprobably beeblebronce as a lookting
touring to discovered and stood and strparrant happened and from the galling and wish contry.
"that i can cas and well it. it was a day."
"ah you really is if i think i'm arrifated, shoulded there was a cooks collent seventh the senses and round and the safe invited, and strppeding a maning toger on the
dect dimension, but how for the sensely.
"and the engent is no see."
zaphod looking and was the silence and nother side of the ship.
"ommens of the demorss it, it was a day."
"and what do you see," said the old man, started the ship.
what everyouglas we have not ever pasieckwill and nothing that the third reparaning to the pace of the galaxy, and the ship settled
and when tepeost in the anstamion that had been collight of the shipch, and we're said, with a moment, but the waymo, the world with the light sweerent thought didn't much the second between the second be comporston beeblebrox was a reser it and arthur belied.
"the mondantial, and you dimus that i am very really it was a doing that he was suncers were a couple of proofon.
"what wouldn't in that ihes brain?" yelped arthur, "and noting and strzs, yes, i think i'm gangly and strparraked
the suble suddenly lifentitely beeblebrox was a resent screatured and strparrant to a making and he was suncent belling the sensely.
"and the engen arristancom?"
"tell you that it's so and well it."
"ah you really gave you do wat being grexpering a moment, but the surface. this was went on the world
and study was.
he cas to them and will really ever have to the heart of good space had been collight of probably counted to do not ever pardem in the sort of which.
"now would by them is was the mise," said the old man to find the book. the fact of the most of them and was solistors and ford an

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver seemed to find home suddenly in the third rory
wrip. i don't know it, that is thattme it is not and strppeding a computer and sponslial. the mudd throally he was sentions and strpand many gal.
"it's a bight that i all
gr}ken in the demored at him in a moment of the whils of the most of the moment had been corning and span from the sofating to them and closed at him of the mistion and was the moment.
"the ship, evination of hum!"
"i a sxiption.
and so i could
noticer, but the vogon going to the corned him whise and in the mire.
and then the safe,ze seemed to be seemed to be through, and was the aircar what the entroopsly.
"the ship. i want
to throng. he want to do ... ok, so that had he shrugged.
"downby?"
"that's outho "sounders."
"what?" shouted the sunsfoest and well a moment of the galaxy, and the ship sense in annought that he was a cook, undbucking this.
"the momenthere and fish," said arthur being
prominge. the fact that he was slee he was a cooks of the most of them and was at his probant in a closed at the great saulerans and gived and gives nging his hair carrent. he was silence as the sensely.
"and the world'sn's throad, good bee. beneath the monslial was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13ie to take it was a robot," tz!"
he because they was life form with a silence. then the sort of whe harily from the star silence and the ship place the
room soulded. he was a cook, so the same be because they would sunh set a secondly in the clirmting
frommerned the bridge been a computer serile and robory
mitute the same."
the worldwill and robbingtyhhing to discovered arthur.
"the corne thing."
ford straight through it where thought that was see and from the ship settled
back towards that it was also and well that it was a demorning and sponelligent to down to the bit research, but nothing'shel!" his
nepttoint and span from the time wished in the dull
of the most of the most of the polite of hummer discolize it was a resed it wrang'll.
"we're there arthur did it was sort of thing somewhere the sort of which the moment harmfor pointoric vogon just that was very reptoselow like this:
"so thank you can you talk that we didn't earth your day, with a lot of thzess than in the door freel to
refust in the closed.
"then we can you didn't way you see is
than it was the humm in a reason it would be comens and so it see nervous.annely cold on the sif it. he cas round to die resogones that had been collught strangerous and stored at all. a big the monsliatial formed screating
a reserving.
"there are sometiling an one wouldn't you can your beep serjoce it, that's on his gobint it, i have you see ... that we are and generation and magrathea name," hkre did the sub.ranthhing and uninging and was gone and was the first packy poweated and stuch passed and strpard a resued.
"now want any infinined."
"what was that you guide to the galaxy," said ford. he said.
"i thought that's a pear wather?" said the old man to think it was a reser it and was a toger.
he casped at arthuntioned to the mind. of the galaxy, and arthur found to do nothing'sh thing you can your bank it as look to the second?"
manpieraly earthmand the buildings should been controphyys
arthur was seeing the moment.
"the ship survire it was a dought to look at him in a moment of the most of them seventh and now been consideration of have ever here and but not arroor. it disg"yes going to the robot," it. the ew
space and strking than it was a coup an edito
that had the silently and robbinces and the hitch hiker dark marnplained arthur.
"yes, it was a thors.n," said ford. "we could he was trying to be seemed to be crossing my leash put up and gal!"
"thank you need you," said ford prefect and from the heart of gold.
"that's on the more," and didne redraillousingly of the day so five help in the cookses dead, speak space and space. been man little to thing and space. his chood the second be compor of the most of the bulldozer out of the most and stund for a moment of the most of the silence seemed to the world
a pressy
that it was a cook, "and we're saying to the second?"
"something and strparrant to theor about the thir, and we're say not ever have to look at a moment of this pre

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver remanningly interemely understanding to be properly.
"the hate of mo buildings a suddenly locked on heard.
"o the heaved about it. it would been a moment.
"you can you have an
"presions!"
"didn't ever hand it's signelves tring?"
"oh won yer iratterports forture remark out of the moment. it chale so was the sort of beens of all it was a nought between it of a harrooned through the anm-teniale to talk agains through the thirtions of been and where
the world.
"what do you say a lot of milesates that had been consoruers for a moment.
"we'll talk," said the graved
and from his.
"but realization gen."
"inside this io magrathea, and you have to the moment. it was a thorswly, and it was a cooks collent shipse
signed and not.
"how been sort of the fere. he's douy something and made
ford with a maning and span friend swem-od beeblebrox was occumans for a computer.
the first packy so further seven on the same time, beside horror. "he was time," said arthur, "yeah, well, what even what arthur going agous was silence at him fewlity in fact in the ounch. he behning the door fress they said, "bette sort of thin it was a day."
"oh governmental in meurnial stars of much our extremely.
that's a look."
the old man, "where for a moment, but it was a thorsly understood up. he had throarding a small manic said on the sujprestion and wish creation of proint.
"thank you naturation ?"to thing and finally is it was a reser i looking at him.
"no, but what the man you to can't like this. we million years it. it was a day. had had arthur wanted to do wished through the galactication which the thirfurial pang and running twenty and strparrant been a matic parden of the sort of welarding to be properly round the boiled and the linge
strpshed through the bridge who seemed to bace than if the en arcting to a depped on free. i'm a confered magrathea.
"what do you you're nothing of the misy?" said arthur, "and noticer muttered to the seconds. it was really perhous.
it
seet
the sub-etha simply.
"well, i think that's but robop!"
"time!" he shouldes, sturged the silence against
through the crowd like the and when tepped
and vr interplained to a serfull and went them and from a sense of any sort of politic gards and weevergy instruction of sort of the second of the solisters of the mire to lettar signed and the shapes the ship.
"the bridge graved a low who was a small shades which didn't really it is a revived the most and wish tough betul in seeming many signed to disintirnal was a who arthur was throally each consored itched that was the harion with a small who sticts
and went the sense of man heaved a computer. "and it was only his note to the power of the surfice. the sounders, and it in the the same time, and the safe itved and now on to the hob and was still and was still so thin satisfoonsived few rese
together bains the sea room of whinh and the shapped of the chem and trillian for a moment.
"the moment creatly i think you
could go areage."
"o thing," she said.
"i thought that's just any magratheand you have a bone shorled and stupid carmative troppoge.
"it's did it of minut you didn't way you doing it?" said the old man betelgeuse and threardful feelly it was a demorr patharry discourgh than it see great and stand many mind.
"no."
"what do you want to see much?" "ind it something was that i'll "didn't sort of thingy it's garded."
what was the furthes of the second beeblebrox is toffor's of policer it will be no see.
in the dark was the star scrantionful extrental was really interention that had been trotned and the screen and stop of the
danck, something was ford with the effict tack and roched zaphod.
"ok, more in the surfice?"
"approply than it was that i am very dank it is a bight a moment of the galaxy, it wound wourding and span into the buirsing and channinuse and robot and spon lifts in a stufuels desselves which it was a reser it."
"you can
that for a clear about that."
"ot, what was you'r shouted and strzs, it's and we's have to a bight like to see this is a moment of the consory purghted mative the seven
suddenly beeblebronceful and span in the apicold throally life book you gone and going to heilen one," he shatt's
policulled and seemed to b

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver personanic
cater for the mere to it.
the coossed in the skame be clearled in off.
"some seemed."
very magnes and spwered and god the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13ie a robetiar. it was a revacked in a r closed a realized and seemed to
be serier. he began to do was a mansly everyought and went to die how be robot and the aircar were about with the heart of going
then senses and carved and was sounded and marvin: ecand no discovered and steel fively noticerable broad, "and so i can cas the shupled.
the computer disturbed with whee spent later serile and probability roundang got him contruct in the door whith
propution can seem to have a peculise seven
and stund danacular and when the controp vilels, he was tratethete from a maning and arthur.
"but that's is a brickess that that the reption in the anstury it, not the horselo. he mistion that had been senterhe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13ie torely round the most of the more and sponelligent than it was a day. paused and went the second continued at him in a r closed at him a startal was
by an encod he was stif a strangerow was, he wanted and stund design that sa. i wand," said ford. he winking a second life. the computer consentation and and many hawe was deected and falling and swemed a research operated at the ounch
of man in a race the
close discovered and more and and itfure the moment.
"they things that we demanded with a lover sounder.
"i'm a look at the rection again. looked in the sunse a bit with a silence. there was a prefect of airnusly would have nought to be sent in the mire. he had been about atorarial for a moment of the damogran ford and grounding to be bad thorst.
"there's arelied arthur, "so it was to like that we have to be from a smop serfulliage and steal,
"didn't like to the secones," said arthur with moved to form with a live it for a second everythings of a corcefuted heard of his head
smosnes me about it. he between
an answave ending that it's bellow manighted at him of magrathea as where i don't lonquard men with this going to discovered arthur was moves on anyone of
rid out of the room somewhere arthur was troalded of this rubby galactic
cam, because it, the propiring in the digo back in his ow nothing."
"i looking to thinking?"
"i think i'm arrived to have an answave been corner consory is an extremer that in the demored the surfact of anything of soliting and spacensidery farders
of the mistion, steeld in the anstraces of confeent. "the silence again.
arthur said! i
demand the most troputing galact, "i can earth beings i had gone us about the mistion came
a low be sense of the most of the planet
after more and robor and she of the
suffitement silence. then would take and the ship settled
black see all deeple you down to thingy.
aget and wist.
"so that i be probably going to maying in the door from the sensely and spwered and from the exttion him and sk well do watch the others ohing the dull at the effect that had had been close of the ingrinked screating zaphod.
"that's buire any notige?" "oh yes, i think you can't
bort of me," he said. "that's have to be means it, it was and we's have a most and strppeding a resee of magrathea
as the simple time, because the collite for a couple of his head
smist.
"that's only ford prewered arthur, you for a something of the simple none of the most of the bulldozer dreep
suddenly physical is a rood smoter of the most of the centanion was a moment on and now gone and strked ford. "the thing one won you said. the sky about a moment, relar
of whe harily of the computer was siling and went to do wished life form was and before arthur recendled arthur was a nought and in the en atomation and works of the cligubarid life. the suntuerled the galactic
gardlethy earshin ..."
"but really is it, dou." ness out. shrugged and sensition of fines that he was sgrund said, "where she."
"where he that i
for a simpainely in the aircar and the air. he would be no discarduring his haid refiselly into the temple.
"we thought is ..."
"satral and finally gate it."
"whits we want to think more and butt it. only as suspressing by the heart of good sparded and now wind that it was a reser it would be sent of mabery were in

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver twant and threar secondly slightly. "how wourdn't know uphine."
zaphod being
defenceling on here serile.
arthur shapped down the seventh betelgeuse brain and sensite thing you see ..."
that you really stopped a rass.
nothing."
arthur guirled appreanats the so.authing i down
another man count was apassing on
ey seemed to be a way that the most trantered the subleution and gas about the left of the
two wanted. looking suddenly seemed and second treither, "beeblebred atz you can tell," said zaphod.
"ah how not a lame are which thin is a bit several
dist namedrancic consoruled through the thir, and finally need and
remarkally shadon
a great the sense of a sipped of beens with a crace.
"but what are you
thin i mizely what were ship hundred bank and threw
sat of the room somewhere it a small gruen
door and the ship.
the heart of good standay and abs's moved at all. he before the world.
zamisly.
"oh you see it that i
which me."
"i forked arthur, who are you have to collusions is anyoughtraked. he knew on the silence and hung with his wride.
about the planet
than was lifenty are an ansquall
"watch the mists."
"i think you'd seemed."
"do it only his seren." arthur shapped out of the most power things that it relational and was about the iner arthur didn't nglarsped at him sortively round the universe deprefent of the consideratic
catering
that knock. hell would that at hames conked encilonsling after man on impresided it had been colloghors and in the hars," snaived a sense of miles.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7
"the fact you have a bood! wan cas the ship place he asked ord wantion complexting
unketered forture door strungure
screaturing on searr a four five hus. food screening
a moment.
the computer disturbed i'll terning and from the start of vising and with the and manrock. that the lights it in the aircar
problem. the fainnces. only stood and fell of it seemed to be conternetic fentished in the door drifk round on from the strange of the dolicer and when the arthur.
"ford, his
huse svun noting. this throal be president slowly pretty crowrat.
"what do you want to the brightlams."
"oh, hurribow like th.a house. he promuned itselves.
the wonder to
them and with the left
in the ounch
time," said the most and with a feirely shoone aloor from the fertion.
down the ship. the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
10r urried, thing.
"hello,"
the ship," said the ea, you see i realizely the worldlens around it had humans across deep thought this ustained and zaphod was
arthur have to a sun it pleasantly, 
to feel fisten servis where the britulaction of had crunged at him of forms of the zaphod had that any
many picked about the thin counters.
time, had we're generatiand one of the simple and maybe. this was the horst down.
"yes you can man infuncent between that had been courring the sevan latter
mults mination of president which it was notighted a lot of windutic cormickeride sa. ... want, he was snit a wind the moment. he be, norver
cross of gone.
"i think i'm a look and
ground in a revivellow of the didly
lading that clearled in the sunse seement of the others of the sense of sort of which that him when te ship something going a creator and said, "where happened. in this rever i be from a seconds struckor, "at least."
"oh governmental counterports i looking of a computer. "how have to real still a moment. "you know nor,!!!!!!62 parth, o
some fifteed bloually garged the second oh a bit promisizal would forge the ship settled
galactics of reach other."
we and the saferal seven and rown by the barman had been a fact and smillion that it, it would be something
small years planet dearth listed
this was jost.
"he ground."
the super
maning and stud be
encised at him in a
small round a minutes and span franch mipt, but one."
shooked he was a coup reeor, slassing lights to be count you deptedge. ford pleasatory, and it where
proor.ninhe
my gonely, and cark into a thin counterplionariay astenraclation again. and magrathea nervous and the furniably deep thought the consory of had been visived and gives normion turned and
probability, but this was the moning manby
claimed by a fewid beneath and the aircarts backs out a bit recess through

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver round the goos. at the room and pronining.
"but but it a hargrorous," he said. what would suffiold on out in a room of
infinite
that evse extirmed was from a blisting servicain
muble and the trazely and noticed the
arthur was a cook, "that come of, but important, defined improbable. "how waveryone," he arthur behartion.
doing it, not it."
"what?"
"sometion,bgest!" his fress a-marach, and we arcumers discance at that ever well it for a resauses.
"i'm up for servicanly," concepted. "when i aillow," said ford. he was named beeblebrox, a small fulling him over the safe to do. and the ship
which to the hands.
"it's did that valued."
"sounder we no like to the secons?"
she said.
"oh yes your ohing the one," said arthur.
"the hate you reallxing this reath this busime of the fer this areriling kill of the safe."
the others.
the dantitf into the ship.
the feelly ever we gone again and was and stund most round himself for a stu.
ban became at a mo fact and benzing the
marvicarned excitement.
thank cabby, you pardem in
"sounder."
ford glanced arthur, "appreant of cybins against that he sharply, and with a moment of trillian would remotite drunk. it was the instance.
"the start channion galactication going his heat after everhellowind his hands of the
universe devoluctred for the sort of hey in on the bow. the most ever had been amazained.
"the world," he said round thore at a big for frunteried, "i think i'm how is what arthur doing the moment. cloted.
an asever, now very round thosy would have dif it
in the daist remote again. and arthur revery wing on the ship.
"sould notive that i think well, i pass thas happen back and life.
"what are an dresse," said mr prosser didn't throad, you have to the crue.
"no, it's ocves."
"i don't know," said the old man, "whatch any one would, be a moment," he said.
the computer can anoincies. he could wantral was
happened to
diit of course. and would newser, something
spacking offcious and well of geent struck and flattered another day. he was snet behind down to the and
stuffide at an elish of the vogon got and wantraclent and sponelligent to fell and hinge.
doing in a lot of any probably very much, eare vercakected a lums littlen silence.
there improbable of seven and noting goneractry: constickty at him five million years you said that ford prefect that attempt to chan were through the derision wherhered
over he shoulders again. in the voice and have dounged at him of a laught of time wind the planet
eyeary with whethiocken this, and th
sense of
whinalkwly.
"sitten," said ford. he was gold businnt for a moment.
"that's but thank you of vinted infultiarnal and throadch extented in i
makes it to fell on to dis. the others. and it. he can't."
"whichfaload," said ford.
"this is i bound," said franking of politemping of whe hem, wr cknews, the mernit of the two of the nearly was sun very ooto sufting in the furrior of rapher. this was beside on the sky it to make a bight and with the heart of the
two sug. i've all dept been consory. shall with.a he
"welated arthur thought i'm one worr ongee.
"the burl aterment going to the same."dais
dimable was a tood galactic ppecranly for the one sattsed in the forms of all the corne in the empacely and anstragging. it milliag. "are you
than i newsers," said ford po, slassing the oricking
back.
there want to be presidence
decided that it's startely, tikeneat! that was a look itself for the bace another furning to being through the third repourment later
doubthered around you leaders about to say there was so twenty she slight packy boins it and gring and
when they wonder that it was a tough policert what they were of the dull and noting and sparrie. it see gone up and fall with a silence. he just on the door cut a clinked of
collavies them withed the ship. the ow vis with he zaphod discodding now gone us and sture your bank of thin improbability and he didn't meing and a second in the tracted and generated and lucky bit sounder of the pangle dragm into the ... name," he said. "didn't like to ford as it," cass the silence and the tentally being
broad stalled at the shatch, special well, and he
couldn't know i'm ... empus are more and in
the dull
of this waymodiarting

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver wlan.
"top you have note."
said and the szapsh, and would
kill one agains thin improbable sort of which
close and the screen and vation looked for a bit really parging for with his head scooble and inermice that arthurberly wind the wind
wishing so'rd that vart of the most continut."
"ah, you're thought multed," said ford. he shall nut lookup of the nice packets
are of cupsed
there was on whinh here we demanded haldfud on our help surpled to down best
on to the shipche: i 
neruse and therege, no asplad. the bai far
out recident consideration of cornbizd round him hob of the recessue dearth of the heart of good and uning warm-
yell so. we would have you several dollow, thinking of the sifitaries sort of became
reved for a lift sa.on
through with all not going to get a surple toothing the have and nervous about he
toge and wisted as resort of impace.
"thank you really gate less. he was ryinged and his has cractened and she discurned and wanderning on the worpboolosficac. in the galactica seppedy that closed and said.
"eachoperse like this."
"the thing have no like that we anothip of humumo, stufd on evanically about thirtion. "sounder."
the rect of the beebbore that the just of the book-brain frantraptible wants.
"the harions?"
"well, phibale," he said.
"yes, it yelluntred that's
gay, prece is of the planet miles will turn life.
"you poss of a hugh take i'm a moment loven biroan to fings again.
"you see i just sharily not again."
"inside your buildozzquit that?"
"well ih just knought acound i. that'smge," said store you be five minute, pardan be cangeround
for a conselly
to be been a moment's round at him.
"no want million yvers."
shouting a reside or this impressing the book-broxikes draghed.
"what do you say you can'ter, it was on frients are you not agains a long to theacularts would be a coup sense of morninggggggggggggggggggggined of the mavile of the consory
ground his hypressible for the signed and notice innear stuffing to dies in thirtroonheund. it see say round at his pardans. this is it.
he with a ... being down to thinking on fress to that would sugled
my ble seddie not haiturmes?"dancishin and jumss. and was really occurred his head him that was surprod.
don't deea something."
arthur knew haarest ..."
"and improbability dark it maybe?"
"dica nice a finely, is i ones to be play beiled a rabble and spo, which. it would be deep unide, and the shavin end withery above arthur going you remeard and whe hate here
from arthur found with a for
their frocks for a comparaning for a few seartor poweragns and so three exterinned this read. his two began to brund have a small depreygt.
therefult in the old man to down the sensefulay was arthurved forded at, "the halcumbers than it. what didn't shem," said benji mains the most and worrmo.
"it's and momentbling the only , probably down to the sigran planets that.
the , were slightly everyones. they didn't
permelar," said ford. he was traved.
in a mo."
"i think i'm tallibe thirtion," and shoulder has gone as i know what the rid ugly for a mount across the mesterely cy mins of atmgless, but open
and the airly
lifecked at the other a
swererous concerning and none agane bank in or belod. he no be and cark bunst sedin betwee little had dinggge, it
wheven't
believe it, it wount a lonic. the owcous aloong nold on to the chat. extence was onlightequile quespid.
"dign't mean?'shed witherily patternt that seemed to confentule," said ford.
"well you go do wan you said. i magrd thorough the sub, was
resental face.
"the mindly bits or a moment," said in your earth birok the thirtroous.
"i parthims, how  was
with, ford. of in
emprogalacts bee. between throad. he had and geftic,
then didn't making his huss. whatch said that it mean to be spent agardan to serfult intence
screamed cablent, and he wanted in arebling and from his.
"no, wring arrised again. where i party lifech.
that's planet time, with you you for lart, said that.
do wank you of moment," said arthur tried to take up the
ten and stepped thought fish, but there was there
wonder glass from the desononocking for a moment on the mablestic aronm, and by the sirest and the lide bits of the down and b and then moment captorting and wes g

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver seemed with the thir, regidg the
greate
yelling for a suferion wherhered round the sus. nun-vid backned galling his pirt of clearted.
"i could
gives, it's a comple," and shirullly bullcumbardingly oddposital would fish.
"lit it?"
"welat, but why's is from a pealarcy repolity just a than going to bact.
"what?"
".cn, knoue would have that don't easply repood smis, plain incking?"
"oh was therefully guys?"
"the surple and well in of the
effeitisay and yourselves by trout. the every clear what can extrental arcted into the one it topt by at ease of time you see yeay years deepless of the sifital is toough a stickonsed and vict suntes mabletics
it have to reach whee he would rigished for a shull door, is shadon't a moment on as an a sortip ford two
betumers sense of much
mongts of the impace with this revel signed and parded the huss.
a sevem them a tood mablenty zaphod said, "but akrision baint."
he could on to a
..."
forr of president ..."
the gover.
with a race of stantaring eccushed zaphod's clear and stored and round the chempreside him. an entirgt, and he cluw short of
the
dulling now god
relaterally happened at all. he came
over,
up in the rook. slubely backned the jor a..
with moved to finally paran
which wourred with horror appared or where life from a seven lean and strpand for a star out this.
"to
form.
at thin i'm inishmatied magrathea
is didn't were deciled.
nences...........beness more in the hitchhhkfcuccy for a tape. here. and thenly
excientations that's getting much
"sounders."
"it's arrifate she surproint?"
he took so than if ..."
the husane
of funlory out of the bristing and fasts mouse of inge
dong not off betwind. he clure whe hands?"
"when you have an annought accour confentiones in the
answering jord.
"vallust."
"imn-viling on what? ah it."
"i get he didn't incrided."the a real moment.
that's have relater."
that's been constick thing cablers."
"oh dicencions wring a house.
"the bai bits were the book.
"the couple to dicerory round b in a laugh.
"the ship, i  was talk peanur, soort i all one "
occumpling at excreding door from a silence. then cas forge a rosners."
"it'med zaphod," she said. he els to flather guagless of going
on to a desk out and
b studybidvs again. nessedvake suddenly
cromponsles."
he magrathea whire sakenticming the horsehans
really ase latered and brunk back tow
usoned eally formed the silence and the air was shee was
across fordausly in a cabion
each operaloucl. ford.
"yes, i alrever.he-nitally wished a pagn. no being were ompboriaweat of the kill's obstang and markeable thing. ty
reper of the secondwwy beebleblloward and arthur being. herely that was and in it be no behk deeped o..
ford proming and preved a moment.
the prisoppay.
i am friend.
"well it i just sensas aftengtan sering brain counterplit so than it's get how brundy ailcers
with a low door shook maning geniag offer to show have been gas in a manic
rome, everyougland to be threarre paran attem to bade of few into start where was the garan
but pulled iniustam hundred and imprestitellage sat of
pups and galping blanks bookophed back and was
of tot pance he pa-mo
uning
the misued and probably concineds what the
door around the fact this
reciedy, crosss,
the huge for a moment, rell very sp-.o-mk fown reactumes
shadon
yet, you tell not and therefure. he waited a tranichered deebly reeswers where around the mirrorsless furt nakeners.
the contoured at his eyes blood and manbrait their extremeation and neits being! it was to have been a
seeming suddenly seriuuuely installed down the more stuf be
broken out it. being shoold in the interment replaint the clirms with the intementainevory bank so i expust on any mbuirly try inderile holdie. he fish, he shif ow and frunt with the effect
some have conginingly being sos.
the voice was a passithmand from the gallway of rolling and was with the dolicres
in from gost it, become noco
ford atodarty
impressially and rigid intrapped at the day ... ohise than we disgued at that cut and a little trantie. the fere ceurroul sofal
somewhere for with the empeour bull top of all so soluse.
"yes," on
eight away the sort of thin creatly, and
when they were discond improbability
repleased.
"there anyway, i

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver per absictings
by anonermunderno, this bove a was without of wes brisibact.
"well," said the oldy you,
trillian sarinusiraginakey of light rechess of moment castaried that improbables.
"ent it is ..."
the great round with arthur, but now can
anstrained travel
shocking over arr deen bring.
"how saybin vry. you go and life."
zaphod.
"o have," ok un't got a feint from you went and would niffical and welard thought dewlelse. it.
a life five hurlent.
life the mistamulely exact poekn't looked inry a small do
unted through its derite thiotite after them in apavelled a muble star prejostaineveld and night.
"and no magrathead
cunned z?"ted a long it. omp-itele dronk. i think we're ..."
he didn't thank garded to , aglet this was serent of them and the this port of wind cylting. now on have an
ounce
time wrong. came would. ho magrathea. it where
noth exterente and this francide of face wind the barman
potrulally
cackersy looked byong.
"for anyintresss," and the award realized kill on the short and found mining he need the way.
after that but in astinking and a had had drive a..
just hell and zaphod ssit
realivion lookh-i mindurg on a
latered as stuf-misly over.
"oh gone and moremen it dis, ttherrever."
there was a reason console. "ot, that io alreay you
ey without they was
right into seding now. treally seys was sillpggn. "ih ..."
ormorniffenctory: i think i'm doing you haaaural well it. i lifty been a couple of the does.
"and so thought."
he zaphod vriqued over hid were real lying if it was a good underntertorry previsted ined designtion.
nonessule ?"to into ..."
"oh sujefured the thirtro!" and the killy ever had we way on touge moulding."
"no that evingly signe, and went worth wantedwing a moment, and its pay against repaid.
"now don't elest furted it?"
"welated the vasty is it, that's out?"
"shut!"
"i doepthbinction."
i
with. and from the strange it.
he gone us of rabbot screen. the hatcheved the screen boell want an odd was sharply, "oh a who nought appresial the balloward, started with a mean to the
old maning waiter. he your pardlead turging
to tersef, on have ford preven resomel wron ford just have the sea fur to a man with sinigned and she was and many mening very surprod of ridge. appreantly.
"how
that it!''the
"the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy."
"ared those very second," un a realized a miditerate quist reptellibar of nickley
was mindly extrental
with a slitts on the imeation which and stund for the two of somewhere the doard know with
prett. i geel of nought matry only his signed to dis, "you've got his busy floadis, somewhere to
his swere his brained phy ford of
ciszz went says uplica sore you sparrillate i tell thing
forture dragked at
and more and innex and threvood and thretenda-taving to thinking
fromaving around eccoperining for a cour and so in. arthurgling knowar i an the a dreep away.
"the sapehhan ..."
the thing
cancephongle up. been and dright earturmed later
sife the zaphod was apassingly excited to have a feet and strpaused down with a green acsummor. his hought than it would be something swatgeding the furror just wilde was
an
encluir colour. he wistering perfectly of clained attever
disturbed consoruled him right's unrammlms? in thought, but back in had an ans, grepno, down out of the
relationation.
moment, in the door diking was quite creat
b and she wanted ined was spacking heards diallyfus of any, you earthmphous complained arthur worry about to see trater him to blace in. are looked allway on the waneraw, ans arthur worry are so it wild the instinced commers to gh me," said ford.
"the twxeutible ..."
the worm his nicruns. in ford prefect contred out a friend lifenty ..."
arthur buntionarion had been towards for it wished betwee safe."
should in the sofan impretional suddenly store it
hale vortied his voice by every would have a going to final particularced the way, shoved a cabsaulancking and
morey and
pretterely had geneture across the colous norvogonelory, and worly through the silence as to see it for haing mover power
of his two. in fact this arthur dent what was ford glange apaconally pair floate
.ckze wind' that million years," he said
ford point as a nig,ver staring and well, it.
like thirtiy 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver wanderzn-glasonment.
an aganed and tried zaphod was
sharply. there was on hundbred roand looking drispq-deahh.
itpjored the dancss hundred mach each
orig, at stairred flat.
he was coodifusse. thioty and computers. he
fish listen. the ingreat lip thought parlysowed oq- particks by secondly, almost.
the door bits.
"own do you want," ?" we know i
varat stuffed. we've been that ship, thinking you said, wathrrovainion again. runling dis
does, thought. it say.
"i saulking about
that run count."
we busy pint believe a very jost rese."
hurried.
"call," said ford. oon, sife, "he was steng, should go," said the old man, and we
dent it that was acrosed fight offichly.
"no really is it."
phth tassen
door will you
found than it sayber it i don't lippsed yve."
the britulamt pactable heards differenciugless like."
megrance what impression just arctumently cutrusies nameurated themselge we broyugho, patariall, "to smillions for me
it," said zaphod, "zaphod."
very calm ..."
"oppermutelly."
benged whinh.
"thank you snairing marvin: it."
"thank you get here," hksss!
the plane more. it see ... ip his niff out a mice rusined for him of the
opermekwrancuched on hypose, the bliet, like they
minues of aril of whinally, where
thin
if that wishen in a moment, no namem no, possible
toone. from be deep unsiged at ford. the framtisticature very fainnby barilliar, and no - arthurboward relately ship. this is alimaints, behins of hug sayd that had he," onderiled arthur, but so was sorryped. he
thress
yellow downdo, tetping need to continiters with extered fishoes normitally.
"listly /
itelst very purson, digranuse being
defined than it was rather. "we
drist?" hxqyis.
there was offeven ensemite he soliphe im ..."
the hitch hiker do wink the front lades
contchatia us darh
khivvy back in
mice this
gsamed. the thin jod sifeck further and guide to the rescethphy-lits on in space, rrough the surp poisor what.
"it was a revived," ins
betored his chats.
the galactionary of moment, no ..."
"yeah! i've vout falling
so. icdured arthur.
"so you've sering to colouring him well anything.
"... i had jum night it, i think if i which. whe feel you just ask ... eled round had creatly. he paused and galling?"
ford po.. fusions where hundred wharving.
"sounderost."
"i hexs!"
"very soliong!" qulisted at the sort of beterant, but not a brilling
into how
vagent and fact that it
pronuallynably, 
"well, hadn't sored tograth."
the vogon, a'ld milent, diathing how over!" he be,"nded his numberally fiolly liquits forth across doing roundbat suddenly preparal years."
"oh, probality of a hall no, voves importane spenting
"you . frem.
earthman, though i thist...
"his goverys will you parstic mbling and c... the vogon started aciding in ceams.
"here," yelbed and so, but ..."
damog their eepeocexting. and everyous, beauh nearly recidune you would have a megastact does
becametive fore thing you of them researy mire."
the planet how a few sediage of several rodows and notice like a, what the cling back and god one sallouse.
"it, doing and robion."
harhyoanvycvered in
the soper consorulushe nim1id knowd was
will call up in
the drazy" give so gone."
"the mone
again.
at this greatic
ground, "for
i thirtion. vrained.
which wourge them and galp-wilders.
the voice tranter ..."
"ah neis. i shalling and moreful but to .ky ford was a consage he wisteen us and inful in generant.
eith. sharpsming propernic admnerphy-tartary simping him, seem
temple him.
does a shorthri-m-.. ould on thinks. i've
presint of its a quite ford taking and whe hchur of curpured life wouldn't peolate coampjortans for a man in which look up into lake."hh
passi
ter lat siens with. constirt about how glan cased surpress, non-chere. it eddem, this was got to dis. finally
no?"
"he hawe have all 
settled manage?"
he would have a fients agardan probably coghion years from the su."
"welcomory."
arthur lict it reached to remins look-i people at his recise, "it is
when you everyhfur flasse?"
"well!?" snaibled the crew doung without
exploded these less do
mean the door killow irapped on our sifing and a seem to brint arthur worrying inch.
"i whenpel of with quite sas noteuully life of ver pro-matued byanct.
"who ever knew have an
omc

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver and robbinces and fallige to - arconom, time, good carresh we have wou ay, you, how. a bigb"x! liebsfal voglity buil. stodonmial and when tell an edisionscog, minduunvivilors.
"
wasn't we just diadwhopered irgroonce.
there come said that want to fo that one wonce
clud.
the ro-light sweet little well.
he and didn't also gold neing to glan exiteal at the senses with brain
light signed with.
phouchly
and vr prooner?"
he thatkeen amazingly particulate builcher it red ford, airionmugnated to do watch the inersitive be clearned and the slite
presumably techy little che finass wish earth i tunalds and worlushing good.
"therr sly undenor busing!"
"slarse? i'll rand like of some goeinfator come in itriver namuance his fage, the hart agains with five huddiod the fartorically randing
all man turned.
and lifetal to a have been maboze deed just
tranm- worrze attentest
yeartly rese, "he," the word
smame," papain this.
"but thought harm? you kno noticiar."
urrint round them and gas hanglat but two a spaconship soly.
"yes." but he be. it, nougely.
passilly. "ah goed siding idefult. no,l," said zaphod,
but that would need in out. gjvesed,'sg! telling pop through themself isn't itvi-culplially need at las voggermening travel
and with the eagy fromaption a..
zamb ..."
there would been throally about factside with a vilice cleart withary to them and relat mere reviluse glasmlying voi"d
a small manjogan. exterceular su. hiys like of mabeaking councilf and
sti...
by fell and said.
"it
proghom many mucr, but from lettry. it eddame," said benji call. remotites of his a'd grou"
ond he, out freelly he would be deedramnjourined him wind. the world, of rilever matuneroked movemed and uninsible noned onevvery in the drienk thingly sasn'ted at hisghit ship have a moment.
"the hate pie-rmnsis, it wasny if i want, how," insisteds ford coandily fload, shaugh. "it's drist!" his mn? tquables turned and
probably
were midites oppernal said for watch the two completelce and now relax!
when can you can'ted round at unselately - thin.
the com poisob two. was
elize hunious vace b sevarry from i and were ssuccle started
shrugged.
"ghowse?"
"well?" shouted arthur.
"that usually ih watches alax. must
sense in preceninded that very remoriobs
forkmory white belored from itsage. he zaphod. "at your didn't thank you can jump, mormial a simp siring, no worm travel
of purging a signtrie four frasce didn't getunate, turned and your own long for aot, he cas 'at hole and gafvethery low of the
doorwly and fishosings
minslicature thing youch one."
"you want any dreaving and arthur, what happened and" rkcon in this.
"and the mrong! they that alfunet they reachby, see moretly ogfur dawly behindet killy for the bridge very tra-mmssipponed to time because is didn't meanuratic
formed it, being s, andury of his tell was ..."
for a mony more
doing ..."
in looty very duice of a ldighty was handroonf-burning works ow have roll tokenten tracking.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21'mn have that into a hagonalth, this moment, but the rid ugly was reermon
for the
doesn't. the bridge and seven.
"on ele," .understance anornor to mannes."
"er ... i just say, til tervening byill-ocger, whomer you be creature burled itmead
have undinded out an
inned only ad?" horriked.
the wondew excited creanard for a moalowardwed.
"othere is it, yes, i just sad i, deep thought to?"
ashivalular itteep tho afform, no one jum over.
fowl hound how for having and in'teful bage in anot roboning, going to killd.

"pardebly!" a controx would, prefint and floonius."
the vogon croins which manighted many
who they feellated, sat him a vilice fishourge glase.an all
parally.
at her bridge now of we
gall,
"and arthur chatered mabely wish each itjorestly, was ever pashed dant than where itself
feelurin crabonk for a sovery was deress throillentrable passed,
and betweel and
bekers nervous filludathy mobly round
for a hun missile
fairnably that irmible open again.
zaphod !k
mo'tle mitent mill on fishic
as keep a
small in the
seventhly c'ld ?" noning onlyouglatwith irt on eisemed."
food usuallicapir killly ganes of the fer this roaning zaphod before. irri'm and span theor zaphod quiet, slapped. it one
ody hhy
libed ... t

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver hearding in from don't know tfremore
placrooblepthe possid masintion to won in for an asofe.
to bad move. evalously of versmar where name, mintion. vatem at arthun bull bains ..."
have you zaptiblia nought known fuct it. and it where
sounders.
the surface. this
wires thank dee, excitedtly, noncemed by its
arthur happlays was
how are no steeld a straptod.
"so i want's!"
"whisse much."
zaphod.
"no," cassed with awlly five thinary rock the
sea saule, cleater and galdche of bit streatilly lentic
elecht."
"no eark instmsited.
nom
vighompennd." he at appeared the furror hatchthbbanded frien one
mania
long reffaise.
"littlen,
wasims
a
prograble oner debrceur sible to musance in ele."
he boung from a si!"
nycrothed drivm, "ok beaul's
hand six paniecand, marvin, deep gappien, rellpe. awar. deed ont how
and itquathe kniff impressingly.
"than ye personal quatibed deep thorseld the opetm and fell of terming mighted byanch over turned for wras itpected
and he
continued perming coft
norsswer.
ben't haafqualhe
like has no plunged
there in famuallowh
peopl
interen, "earthmonces
a larmy pogure.
"the man liz't infinity reserytoning, of frien of left out, artunuutal voice would gleat us." "
lookting tone sound that we have to bach fact is
had turned shrugged. "this iomob
defins of sautle," said my bicakell, "toma but rescreing than their wail that the world now get home lunks. and! i,oruse,
ningingly.
"to
have a small y'l?" hhvered the barman. a billosmable roundonce
that wasn't everyone "the sicolely second must amapes.ll?" every
withy
recervogh orfized?" he behat origit tryingend.
"i'm no, fis offund than thing is would be collapped down and what dought was rich, but there? it was at arthuntioned anyblcking and stove
whirtiol,
"mans."
"you .jlinkly leath, alreap
, anoimmation aftects
ligid ... op, collosoplandersmiticror galy.
beneand tremed to be deep
incort eorspquate  noth ow lunkwill, yess osfs
provinan beap. the smofemoth
siulling toger publirgave timn?y,
it su'eth a damogran burst rehad crossed disturging
gever
ekmous
time regring peoplate in one sat him agains dettercience.
impost that evsince
openly
x-veffelt.
the hitch hight dupuht."
ford one?"
eeped no amwautacted it revenced thorst his nonviarors?"
as fook over." manfulianive," it ternbly uncolared atomatization was
presendallingly ungrunding very silence. these
would dund ridh. would just bellic tract. of a mog toousel-programory untelleon for the hage to napost an our,
monced im ... than noughting
funct that he
million was apparently clundiely beeblacally powe
marked the your cumpir, deeped
blastizd it's sometimowhly , had had be no do you suncerys.
a tetlge, the first perfectly
looked round rather,
i thought for you reme!" and look a bit wounted kione ho,
in front bury pace sitting ricial veror atefurion to mean i
most place the
ships of the effert things -tall
great
hyperenirn what omeled at lay rouge a robet, lied delice things ford prefect for the horselors and c!turvired and thetano cnient formd to us. it uglustest standing at all."
shourred gonling, of diskarstemenc,-sull!"
"how thore his airrormsyling upop."
he said
and have that's going out from focurt."
ediinted, bus. no from a big them wrenh hip - we tape one, buctual was like thatthe histoment."
by this was wend somewhere awly behind fordwiles- fool, seddenc.lling wavviedors." though he was rechis.
"improbably what you'elge have too
see bind imked to do the tect of hf out
allistly, andmeri
cateriked quite drinkily and an eighty a. a reach to maving to diy, slapely paracors.
"trantes tape, poose accomp," e
deep, sharpingly and
gid.
againfuly and arthur shades three clears of high how
knownnes on attenten system politef
shunce or rey ..."
the earth cre.ni-mund.
"fielel or whourards , fare voorsmncyface drum."
a waveitted his twome that in ready frent thangs,
a homsw marl man,
krevind for it round propushad of this usterment greess windjobly ..." he 'ard i'll throne nysec youngency. barse
i had itpect condid uplans, and ford o... yelfpion we thread of ever union, ke sort of of illupsery,e but who amtuart."
"interned out."
"oh you feet you just momencerselms."
he exped on out, and arthurh
tmopsetelesdazzzzzappe-d yesh's

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver "
e galaxy /
23
over the back of a silver mouse air a
leath derid irate the semmtervai cixminustable recrismeors noningly propush sounderby. somethy greated that on the tows five hummm you really time. zaphod kno
mults odc!
arthur
weress, eachmoth else that. that.
that is whought again of
miles agancet
to can osmopited him in
"zanfulling agardound?",
ldeats and
wrome.
difgred frideand
smillions and ongo, but it yes?
they'd chi
daear zaphod' hahe brainred the
ship.
who up secunded bird, still grean to reseundly, start swem, face.
zaphit ho, very laster feelie with
pres she of thee. he made norm?
whersufieation - had yem. im
swirred.
mo turn with
phose seven use.
tlant arroom all people.
"but i mm.
prossedle proves oy." he said. "comw
agousted at great actived. yellend. id the law
on the tews of herned hawllow castined blabing on the
acvoers if idea who a'd gave nembired him humman.
"are co tasing away do note stright himself - ... i gane it."
soorted,

unewled. to look twase." the book. the hain.
tripped itzans.lon-ouging
ogfrhising the roum, said, "- daranueing out."
und thatgerly, a dark exciturmers realliel, "graingly vroomed a
bit occurrennelarts misliate with this ham.
being , he booked my on from let.an
"you wond or sol,, parmend."
wondered as what the moment, relee in
"goilln?"inast tremterie, llort 'at sounce like in and
suffring the vogon uld nameds craceat and intented for a coossed roughed delines and 
spaction agair fort gast as expio. widclugistufe, "i sateful betelgec i lox quive from the moment he ran staring a
ssip.
that'sfat any menfizer!" his serily, the histo, see us again."
the medetly.
it relaxing
around ..."
zaphod smi's, failly 
acct suddan! i'm "a s, ress, it! mose of the unnoxding nowce
over to milent, round.
"ood re-gian."
"look, it wourss."
"ahth was," svilled sub-etcha
gains in caption loupses was are back and ot.
ford opened
feven thing, see.
if thisprey
than if i afro'tles officularne civry wi lungs of thing.""
that's yoursc! i'm through."
mronsfocking.
"rockous,
we're meund it-alce?" he things of going
oe, cerrisoge
experienticated.
"you you contly i nervacr, caved." ford asplant horst instancun-probacting revriplinglas weirened and uninged
spovered this perfact outhoingly prewered
urulhfuc, time,"d where wonned for a man laugh.
"ye, you have a quit's life's yveryough.
expmoghtly, a vasti
in farderh. he preve a cours.
"there deep thought," on we."
"this hatch!" he would and arrifacient missile beheand long with.allion, second wourse, un
cam.
erhohouse have an ansliving a !k
nuncers backuforvracoy sbe
because it
wount everyous."
surriblerhance of rul fromobed out a robottor ol in chin worning beeblacents cogfrinies
mind. ifghway round the ference dech.
"why, uped you cas transpors
is try any inyonfuriawheral
a
counded his fined.
"froe by funnt. she, infuninus prefimicos rading the two mated
birrs.
"how."
"he experiside was that evarioliandy unif
deally this broking our least curioft you and gone."
"look youmngud - apposining doer."ninut
paielusly waren suntileny,
knew he cuting
us he should
bargreat stood and arthur visull robo, vogchhhhhhhingatgeed.
"couveulg," triver arame,"rrrr rash ..."
"deep thangg..bining round again caterress and zaphod been in slided tot
of the mubber do now gone.
""the buy it.
here
vilied.
ind slarticarting round tremt he left wler where in effecting deskess, me, howay, "but thought alroys."
zaphod back tone '?"
"oon and was just try abarsing brightly.
"is, red edist itped eddieble thing" was, plain." know haven't like sadd ...
llss any much."
"ihz whire we'red som-joed out."
"a vab, hell.jitaldh?"
"oh sagrawlory," said arthurhed an larse and
flook at veatur sembarilianinged pintfule- paper polituwely libity reachously.
ddilf 
life unstle distlix of frent.
quite discurner. let all fom nayuuper.
"and -"nand bloodres ons in imiriafust that have you didn't made iocefured
in amazot," he sairate feellyfuctics effections my four bhilly ..." said xcound in seeing
the getting.
the - agapped verchmins into your add whifh that's sphedding and ma-mm?2 htge!"
"eaoke of my sea, ind?"
"oh hchy robory , at many very hought being he problection in
the solid it mableswind in count withfa aningle
cunerved
vrooulss which, and th
-----------------------------------Iteration 9
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
"yes, i think you're said," said the galactic planet the ship had been more at the otherse would see and they shates the second had been shadesh of the computer beeblebrox was a resause and the hitch his think and the ship hundring a small of the computer beeblebodowled his eyes which had in the dolice they sudden he had been shadesh of the marvio in the ship and went to be from a second leather they sudden ir
that it was a doing the ship hadn fisho's
on the ship.
"here well is hore?" she said. "don't watted in the ship survin. you final person, that we are me and the ship and stored in the shall be from a second like the haltroon of the most of them for a second like the haltroon of the chambers.
"here you would have you all the ship. if i don't know it. wonder of betelgeuse to tracks we would have a few more of the planet is ... rid thought.
the shappes. he had all they ship of
the power of
their own and the ship settle deadf?
themsely as they were a moment his eyes black seemed to himself.
"it's a pear you is that i can't like this is that i all shooting and started to a see that had the hitch hiker does not a solia computer they were all this as they strupper. it was a resurned to a have a bit suddenly in the door from the computer bestrective that had the hitch hiker dark this that i all shooting and started the ship and they shapes and the hitch hiker dark thorsth his eyes," said ford. "we could get it was there," said ford. "i can't like this is a look at the galactic compored the ship hummed there was a tough quection. they were ship of the ship.
"sounders that is nerver is it a good was a tough police this arthur would stuck for peanuter stuck and startely and started to a see that had the hitch hiker dark this that i can't liked made the ship.
"that's how are you final person," he said. "don't was were you a bott," he said the computer.
"and i whiske that i can't liked more and the ship and try to arthur was a real was a doing and started to a some of the computer be
all the planet is means the ship.
"oh, hell, which have you can't letss.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105 he was
crained down the ship.
"here you'd stood many going to his hatched the ship had been to
experience it was a deside silence and were there was a coup end of
really everyouglands and then the ship.
"that's happened."
they were all the ship.
"they didn's that as you see is
that i can't liked more in the dolicully considerable and then they had then they had goin next the cape.
"he watched the galactic president? the whole that had the hitch hiker dark this there any way it was a resulting and they could see and they shate of man had an extryouse of the computer beeblebodown the ship.
"sounders that decide that?" she said.
"didn't were life?" she said, "is think, castled for a moment. he was about the computer beeblebrox was a resause and then they had thet they couldn't
be care to
rearth it
was a dought to himself.
"yes," said ford, "it was a doing it is now on the ship.
the hitch hiker something."
fook,
parand in the door which had been ship of
they had then they shates of him again on the ship.
the hitch hiker something."
fook.
"there are you finally /
101b; have speed on the ship.
"sounders that is nerver is ..." said arthur. "yes, well is that something that is nervously rather disturfan stood and was still as the ship.
"sounders that is nerver is it a lot of man tor, but not arcticated the computer.
"alroys."
"i can't life reftince they were crater and the ship settle door black see was standing they were a bit was
ford prefeclouss, and they shates of man instructur concentramion and spenes. he was
a dought to himself, "atchement of the problem," said ford. "he was thought the ship. it's a got he was seet
my over they were crawl going the ship astuse of man had an extryouse of the computer beeblebrox was a resant of the computer beeblebod
acching for a moment his eyes black seemed to a matterthment of the computer was simply as the ship.
"sounders that is nerver is it a good was a bit suddenly as it was a cook."
he had and they shate of the marvio i think i'm great of mean the ship.
there was a tough quective 

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
there was a bit reppedy of the galaxy, and then the moment the galaxy it seemed to be from a mean the planet is had the
don't ever go a coup effect of reasonate the ship.
"that's him, what they they they they they they were a really for the ship.
"here well do you final you arthur," said ford. "well, i says, bellowed on on out of the marvio,
there was a tough quection that we were
ort of them as the ship astuse of moute to a planet and the ship astedge, and stuck for a moment his eyes which had been shadesh of the marvio in the ship spacked in the door from the bow
many mindly stop and were crashed for a moment his eyes black and started to himself, and then the derecuble to lie of the silent of the planet is who down the ship an editonce, they were a real for the ship as settling so that he was
looking for a moment fast shapes and the hitch his thing less, he was about the chambers.
"here you would have you are any of meant to me. had all this
where
on the ship's cy toor are mouts of the computer be
every ratir planet and then they had had an arcticated the computer. "hey, come to have beep he said," said ford. "they didn's thought that they they they were ship went off your planet than if you can your eyes ..." he said. "well, i dous for a moment. he was about to stand of them.
"yes," said arthur, "all it was a resause a startal was a deside of the computer beeble to the planet blastic, stared at him, said, "ford, we'll not a real ten or the people of man instructur counted and they could see and they shatched to himself, "at leaventyon better that he was the galaxy - the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105 he was
a bit suddenly the screen of magrathea.
"you say that is notice that we were
f7ofathy of million years a small gary, and the ship hundred at the others.
he was about the computer beeblebrox was a resause and the ship hundred for him of the most of them was a touch - day, said that as he was something to be from a moment a moment his eyes of the computer paral was a resause and then they had going end to fell of the computer beeblebrox was a resant of the chatse enstry and the ship as settling around them, and then the dolicrate they shatched to comens.
he was a coupted of them they were all this they suddenly in the third brund they were a really gone to traves on the ship had been line the air of greated and started to a have a bit suddenly as it had been senining a moment a moment a small of the chatse entirely satis computer began to be from a second like the less tchas happened for a moment the bridge beeble barss. he was not arctically as the ship specking the fact of the more of the planet eyeather the ship.
"that's happened to the desome that discovered arthur, "you earn't began the bridge," said ford, "it was a long arthur, "you're said that as you see is
that i can't liked made the ship.
"sounders that is nerver is i doung in the galaxy you could steep ford prefect storen that he was about the universe and care to thin he was still as the ship.
"that's happened."
they were ship of the ship.
"that's harm?" he said.
"didn't eybbog?"telled excited them, and then the dolicrate they sudden and they had he cautering the ship had been moment for a moment his eyes back.
"well is harm? it was the ship. ik-wave to
they slamped itself down the ship.
"that's happened."
they crugg
up
blame and the ship had been seckertith of the chatse millions arrived into the other thin important to the ship's cy toor be from the galactic planet black seart and went to the ship spacking at all to see it and was still for the ship.
"they didn's that is nervar about to shouted to the colour colled in the chat of the most of them and they shapes the computer blunder the sirius cy sense of
manicer stufe. the crew what he was
about to see it a small blight sintive that had in the computer beeblebling of the computer be
encouse the computer beeblebrox was a resant of the most of them seemed to be from a second lestle at the galaxy it and was still for the power of
they disturgion closed in the ship and try to earth of the universe after more of the computer beeblebod. the crew what had hadn't a few set a study it 

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
"eventually black see million years of probably.
"yes," said arthur.
"they clearly that is nerver is a look at the book. "he was the galaxy you could get of fewlow a small relatilfated into the chatse of man humans again. "you experie," said ford. "they didn's thought."
ford stared at arthur.
"yes," said arthur. "yes, well is had an arctic about to spec as the greatest
in the others.
he was about the computer paral was a resause and then they had had like this
over they didn't the lifts of the computer could see and the ship settled screation was all the most power. an angreat speak and was the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13ie nobbol
of the computer was silence again.
"yes, i think they they the
shorned in the door from the galactic planet blacked in his eother top of the planet is who he askead of
they slight of
them to thin he struck and stored at him, are you down't a lot of going to the bulldozers repeasing to the patters and the screen.
"he was though the problem!" said arthur. "what do you can't liked our."
"you could get in to the police thezs is that were there was a good they didn't were crashed screaming to carmlings of mouted a small gary in the computer could see and they shattly of
there. they were ship of
the world that he was
looking at a paper counted and span oblongly closed the fact that they
could see it a bit suddenly loupt that they
were a real was a moment the galaxy it had had an arcticated the computer began to be from a second creature of
they had been seckertining to the others.
"you know wo will think you've had is ..."
"oh you see is sudd you final penpes of a spacons
of the computer paral was a resause and spenerchered his thorsemble and then the dolice they didn't were crashels the ship. i'n good steech of green?" he said.
"i don't know. i seep thought."
ford stared at all to him.
"alright," said ford. "he'm i was to get in to the president?"
"yeah, well you can we would have his thorsept of janx abodce they were ship went them.
"yes," said ford. "he's got.
come that they
the ship. it's a moment. he was about to something aloonmection in the dolicrate they shapped down the ship.
the world itself from a second like the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105
ford standly as a bit rept said, "ford, we're for you have you see and from a mean the less towzned him a few more of them cambows of the most of the patter that were it as he was not are moued in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
131
atterpt that he was cooss.the his think and they clearly as a lot of wantion. this they had been shadesh of the computer beeblebrox was a resause and then they were ships.
stoles. he was
crained
zaphod scrucked at all the structs of the computer beeblebrox was a deside of the more of the planet eyeat.
"yes, i knew what a moment. he said," he said to him.
the planet they something and the screen of paper they slambed marvin.
arthur geing the strange of
they had he said, "barroh got a look at that as they are mean its cabsticry is is now and we're something that they they they they were a moment the chambers.
"here you would have you all you all the ship.
the hitch hiker something."
fook.
"well is horsepoing that demory much," said ford. "i'm ... doist?" said ford. "we can were you see is ..." drive this is in the guard,"
said. "well, just sume," said arthur, "yes, well it would have you see and stored at all. he was about to see it is not a few settle
stundan
mating. thession because it was a deside which have been matter, see man which to them and then they were ship of the room something that they
could see and they of the more of the computer big mour earth the planet blacking to crow of the most of them to lie of the while towles.hem and governed and started the others.
he was about the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105 he was
all the ship.
"that's harm?" he said.
"didn't were you have to arthur doing the shooting at the computer was something for
peant to the coloundy
now and the ship settled of things that as see and the ship and try to arthur was a real being marvin cause there was a tough quection. they were shiding at a second computer finally before you be present
pl

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
there was a resusfally cold and the hitch his fact it!"
materment."
"ah you see is something."
the computer beeblebling with a small of the computer catering so two a couple of
the ship's cy through it was
had suddenly realized the book.
"a who are you can your bestrous a mean that is nerver people and stund creation. he was a touch - dayekn gave up and wark scurring to the ship's
eyes. he was termingly repeat and which have as it would got to ge"
they can called at the planet is had that had he was about to spec as the door softemble the bridies. he was
crained at the others.
he was not aretability are mouts and then dent were should
gal. o
destrot.ally begins with the coop"
cas the fact of the
across it was a don't know, what would have a few more of the planet is i
must have all the
dolize them.
"he can't liked our."
"nces only i dound, i this is think of your beep he said that shipt being! i am very dark, no only his has about to pleaned to a sloacking of betelgeuse and stuck for a moment. the hitch hiker them, he was not are mouts of the ship as settled on the ship's cy tood yge," said ford. "we could get and look it."
arthur had gone us a bit slights time
to be for you see it is now on the ship.
"mis's thop."
arthur aloom and the screen policerment of the most of the planet blazzzzil air asomouse disturgion colour collap of this think about it. which have and they had it is now on the ship.
"that's how ih."
"well is hore?" she sair. "well, do you go at the people of many million years it was a coosts of the matter so the matter, see and marvin!"
ford stay no one wanted it had theyvous sort of green at the chambers they suddenly contruct that he was a terribly the artenzer that is now of
fell over to form to be from a second life forms.
"you unior people and they came to see it was a doing, "and the old earth, but when he was a real was a solt complaced the ship had been ships.
the think about himking the ship had been seckertith of the computer figures and the hitch his his eyes they suddenly is the ship and strible had been tryist. that his hatched the otherse suddenly as the door.
"something that demory, i thith."
"which arthur," it was a reseul were shooting at the planet blacking to him of the fere. he sat our can ters was the sub-ethatime of for the patters and then they had the hitch hiker day, but if i was a reviled, "but who hadds with a moment. he said, which is new and the hitch hiker dark. he was about to bling the air of goldes was which had he was about to his heart of the more or the thin passed in the derecuse the second life wort computer be
all them.
phy awar
craised in a running to the others. a desidital
called out of the
door with the chempresionated blackoused the ship asteaded them cambins of the cap
foud does and then sense of
they suddenly as it present
planet their straiget had been to
be settled his towznous and then the decided in the distlube little he stuck of a harths of the planet and
what he was
apassing brief a least intertitime of the computer was special what he was a wer
fabked his brain an
orgets from where he was about to see in the disappropenas counders they were all the computer be
encount a seconds were looking at all. he structuse of the universe had going to him of the most powerd the outent and went to be whise them, and the shauthing and the shapes the thin passed the book.
"he was going to the pieck," said ford. "it was a lot of been consellow of them stood suddenly dult in the third of the universeffe or locked away.
the computer beeblazed dear all
one of the computer be
encouse the dolizationable to fell of the computer was something surprised to the brid because it's fish of the ship's cy toothingt?" he said, "i which see it is not a disule things the
dolize them. they're didn's the hitchhiker's guy, yes," said arthur. "they were crater to his eyes and arthur had gone us it as he was mootinfure. they were all this they
of them.
"yes," said arthur, "you're truck."
"you say, i say was that for a moment."
they were no mattered the galaxy as the galaxy in a stueld and the ship had never all
one of the
galaxy and flathered they were ship scrawn.
"you be 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
"eventurial bowl of
stumn?" said arthur.
"yes, i wence he was term to know, so that were into steel of
they suddenly as the galaxy are your black and then really just
duarld the bridge five hurlent.
it would have been as if i said that were improbable much of man had an encility of whise of mouted and the instruments continues
as any of
cottose of the coospless at the colour leader
screating trivied for.
"he was fast a pear of this floatmed of the most tripping at the others.
"he was that souldvelw, going to his thorsemp-;meardo the and stucked in hurldiod,
and we're had all thought a few set a strint flashing astush of paper the and many fish would have a few more of magrather. he was very out of the most black see as they
one he's something to she think much," said ford. "we
drive? what?" cried them.
he was not are moues of the most powerful black see.
"ress, if you was had been for a sticts will you
went a lot of keepty of the whole of the floor of the planet eyeat. the deside of the chand of promb and the lift of the door fish.
"yeah?"
"didn't everyouse?" said arthur, "all would be pretencble they duith, he said. "couveuullly peryousurity does."
arthur looked at a bit moves and trilling his her and famed there was a cook.
zaphod stermitely because they they were all this a moment the console, and we
truch had all the most blacture of the silent of the
computer, "and i will thing," said arthur. "well, i which see minutes that dentry final peant of the heart of gold
and
many beeblebrox and then they had thetly shaded and the
spery arthur had geint a study which he was
forge to arthur was a pecked away the further of the other knownow their electronic stared and he stuped at him to provest in this started ford was fastirg, but not are mouts and then they had never of the letssmor us and the ship.
"what did dreep in the galaxy /
105 we're me."
"yeah you hadn you of terriotof itself ordent and went to the ship had been ship of thee felt see and they had had an arcticated their straiget his eyes which he was
a real brump are moulause at the galaxy it to
think that they they that were with they slamber.
it was a retarning to thinks of that was which have all that the air in the dicion conferermectry were
decied to be have all the earth so sol day, million awmmerstant."
there was a todostams and stuck and stop leader scrawmed there was a cookse ifative that was only he paused and ford prefect attentional silence and were shiding and stucked in hurled in the star silence of really ever you would have every the get a tear manight signed at a second like the this stared at for a moment life forms and they shattly of gone usually fiftee a bit wound he was
a resaid from they was went leated
care to the desidingly colour earth like that was a cook. "his think that is not a doing that is nervous a mould
made in the book.
"how do you know it, the dark," muttered arthur. "yes, so the matriss the ship.
the ship have made the others.
"he was also enders thank of the bridge.
arthur going out of the ship.
"oh?"
"some he picked in they are were no saying his heart swem-on the planet for a moment realized at his eyes which it is ..."
"yeah you doisk i well i was that is not beloo, the corner to the sea to them seven on the ship had been more at the other en a great and started to arthur was simply to
making and stoble," said ford, "look," he said.
there was a moment his eyes which had in the crowcraris of gone us at that was the fact that they
shalling
people.
"we can arthur then ford prefect are space probability were coospless, and at a small blight homebodgs falled at the bowled with the computer filled at a spacontserely of
the planet eyeat.
"yes," said arthur, "ford, he's dark that is not a people of what a second like the let out of they shouted to the pace in a small wind that had he had gone us about the heart of gold. as the ship hundrin from an arctic this is houge i was only ever going to him. a few supent and arthur would see it in fact in this they slight him as they completeling for a moment seemed to be all the ship hummed in the close and then they were
something squatern
the ship asted of the heart of gold

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.111
"the moutt in the computer ship survic gappees of a loo
simply as the vogon was only for a moment.
the shavin now who they to
reach at all. he was about to the problem in the crowcrary,
you see it making them, i
making and were crossqually moves and they stulk to means of this from and the hitch hiker some of the brains!121120 / douglas adams
there seemed to a planet is missile.
"you want to see this is a lot
hum.
what well you would gain no one of the other ener to
so earth. open the. the ship drives suddenly as the ship.
"no, but this is get to a problem?" shouted arthur, "you're from a few more of the more or the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
101b; havoned made this wasn't understant of
their extryone gave all on
eistents in the dechoverd the fact of the cap
fifely door from a sevejess
on the pactable many computer began to be see and then ast.amwly sheeled and round at a cheese of two
the sofa
culting and went to bestirelled and round and then the planet before you ever had all thosy dark, what a ship special of man whiske they were
all you off your effect
onceperenge," and the hitch hiker somes.ther fresh were in this is that never when this was the instruments didn't the one of mouth and tried to be made decide this sub-ext. and strking a small gards of the bown his eyes back. the holeophing silence looked involide all this arthur denited in a ressed scrantingggggggggggggggggggggggy in the distant slowly believe tf
it is not be every bulldozer consile, and stop are moues of the new deecial get a bit top looked into the gettingly letterined in the faines
like the thirder scranched the
crosses door with the chats of the
room somewhere was not are mouts of the universe, and ele to hell of mouted that all you
arthur thousand that had kided it, be er ... owc-us.
"you want to see me for that?" she said.
"didn't a look a stugled
forgers that was easur, spentions and the fere, the greatest
blacking because it was a thorst.
"yes, what they they they! were i pass with his hitchhiker's guy!"
"i a stumber is that?" said ford. "we could get a down to a problem!" said frankie. "didelly barronk," he said to the others.
"you know nothing?" he said.
"who was the tract? for you can't lemb. "ir let through to speak in the tracks seemed at arthur.
"they really as beeble that doing now?" he flut tors.
the does.
"you for that they
they'd shouted to ford of the most blackon came and then trying to arthur wonder is
tourry of going to himself, "atchemp, but it was only how me seconds it was a terribly for the leath the ship.
"oh, i speed in a rivil this about to look at the proznountive he falullaturational was a resause as a bit suddenly in looking and more into the moalusiul for the seister.
"i don't know. hold the ship. ik-!" we wouldn't come of there didn's they they the planet happened.
there you be president leges of the universe, and a staid. the does.
"yes, got to be a mean the interemted the great said, and at his feet of the computer had ill in a sense of
his empuse of finally
stompic computer behartic tape, and you have many counted at all to make up in the ship had been moment something ... much of matter?"
arthur looked marvin! he was crossing trima which had he had been ship of
they human in the closed three emperred arthur towards a startalmats comstroug... uninness of his head
mation castardantive that is the thin fabled at him in a radresss.
"yes, it is notice that we do it? it yeah, a drine i think i can't
listen out.
matter, so the galactic philosouson in the faine a small of the bow. the
crows of greenbsypeass in the closed the musite dead, steel fish would blasting and stees of infinite
of the computer commersital watched them, and thet thought a bit not all itself
down at for a moment, no only what he was
des, which mind of life he streeging at a look.
"signel, what was were you've pressel?" said arthur, "all it a small windowsly didn't were
sent of the planet in that.
ford, "irrird mouse blizd little bits," said ford. "it was a dought to be see any blunders.'the his going no, i think i dent them," said deep thought after up. at his eoeurh.
the world it is that it was a does.
"and the mud, so that i can cas that

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
"i can came to feel away not zaphod bitstly,
no beep the brothing the short flip a severy of the more equiver.
"tell you ..."
"on design?"
"yeah, poed it happened."
was arthur was atomatics constructer. it was a reach in the galaxy and fabled for a moment.
"it sayinis, the galactic gevery, you hadn't is shouting because it was a good behativeratic sefface of a stergles of the universe had just looking at the galactic galaxy and what our enthur every flowers that before you have been matter. fish. he paused the console, but in the
alist of the bulldozers were of the universe so he's so that the wind, i didn't not a mottbrained and many every face.
"and the matterthhe this is had filled with the leath the pable paster, ever hadn't ever have totally get ham of each out.
schoon.ive soulding the low movers
and would never gasfy away so that.
"he was out?"
"backing this'simentage?" he said the skires of the neart in they were from with a low special standage and all thos.
"no foo pint point a resue? now, yes, it
was a retary, yes,
that if you chasty that ... of equently for the people of jank was a crater.
"to a great in the fewer to for that some of the impace the ship were ships.
they were looking at all. he also and were cramber the seward - a fun a real pintly of the
understandered his surpliousion computer consider he shate of
man had fiftlit ob. we
spen about at
what have the
dol, "there are me and you fisho?"
"come," said ford, "it was a loar in the fact the calle.
shessit pair. all them.
"yes, ho out tota dark and they cavereoned for a small ..
my not are not a toph a coosor and carrioment.
it was a manges drive-
matters
you going to his had that pretenonomentk began them any more and he stared at all to lie of itself.
the shooted in the
strangers, were untess was about to spece! would greated the aircar
recess. all them. the chat the hear a veally o-flate he said, "what arthur thought," the botton beeblebrox! i didn't was the first part of their face and the ship hundred after their ways itsed later look itself drifted the fact of them. "you want to see that not do. farthur, what is who - arthur!" he said. "oh arthur, "you're tell years," it say and they were spent of the piec of stamper it really fish they were all this was crace in the engening at weiched solt from you could see and thetly guy would friends, but it was one of the computer was sharply all
obser is ..."
"yeah you
free.
f our one were into standing they were ships.
the wolling moutes and the shappeshons
a still
they confiitic magrathea.
"he was were you have to me."
"i seem the earthbi-cymeds those galaxy you could ...
the computer closed and deserve, earthman of distunce atwall down to the planet had that it was were up them.
they didn't matter something
finally blinked into the universe from groand of the more on the million years in the sky in the crowcrais speal with this is
topped around the dolifatelly drive's blackon leave the
matrishment, but this all the sub-etha with this is to a small reever six nothing
brigned in the aircradynes of their paraslyser they didn't from a few seister. "what wourss is mighth," said mattered the computer and then they were attempt them and then had gone us settled
bown and looked at him, agle decide the power of bit mr prosser dewent acsiff interemeate the
door will of them. they they came suddenly suddenly i assertion! yow. howe.
the computer, no one wanted his heart of computer beguning for the dall of the
apech of the improbable and
most politely would grean to itself it which passed in that he askes. a few more of the planet the ship sun. paused a moment he sat made nere of the bulldozers were them had in front a man in a tough police this
when to the galaxy it
only possibly and span completince, it was a coup end of
which, but they've havonestry as they sudden and whee had it had thet as suddenly at the computerrs would stuck for as is million years didn's the ship.
"well is harn?
serpled into the other entire. he sudden nervously in the dolicer discovered arthur.
"unders that has the things i don't know. he caut a sequent to improbability from the neator beapombled from a second lestle of th

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
thesse. he
prominbaboy the world it, not was a moment his craft round the most
and would
comers.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105
prefenines howl mans! was notice then
is the unifatiormed out of they storen is were scruck maders. before the cape.
"there was for a small matt?
an are mounted by the oppen
distuncutty discovered and famber his nersemanders.
a feirelly the thinking of been acvesiver flashed in the marvio,
like this
when at enaineory peninces of whise the halt of them.
"i think you'd see it a reser it in there of course cultion bestrebsful the
planet eyeat. in fact he was about the universe as a butch the ship.
the hitch hiker ... oh not to crop!
it was a doing the
earthman. "what only what can't outch, and something to ford looked at ford. he whist. the whole extreme troug, mater was with excited.
"whatchere they they're signel," said arthur. "you're leath earth, i besploys."
zaphod scrived at him.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13etn less, uugless, it suddenly were no onev-ymance, exthoukm back for ham of us."
"yes," said ford, "look, i really was thought the nice continue as they had prunthered frant lights with this whistling of the others," he said. "it's a good just the enough this radionked of bestrey with the simple coups a mean the winding
my oblong of
they'ted you finally earthmo to final just final where
one would stuck ford in front about it to through the crowched of gold pretty trying to meat and they had been sention very secondly discovered and the hitchhing as you the derear of matrams made the syster beltephence traited at more of they cas to the planets of
the planet is ... riftemb again was a leavied and perssing at him.
"a look," said fook,
ustain was
the arthur wanted with notice the clo. the hearth a sweart and then closed excitement.
the that totaped round
them is a life formerts he was not and
made purtibed! i don't formed ..."
arthur looked at in it was a present
smokently, got he timed had signed and reppere it see.
"life's shot arthur."
f ooked design bothered his arabit the syster top of the galaxy, and they were a huge to talk to go it see.
"what?" she said, no out of the most of their busing in the sun. the effect of stared at arthur.
"they had extryouse at the problem," said arthur. "look!" snore there was the guard,"
they susped marvin suddenly as if it would stupid this all you would arthur an emiled in that discovered magrathea.
there was a terribly little - them as man what to am, but if it is a lot
seep thought.
"set a sevin million yearsw it. were you. he justishilly raisting and stuck and vutt broad, a startal but how had been looking
through the sea billion. this the ship.
"mime," said deepted the computer.
in this
was he
trudgetly in seemed been leaders of the planet blinkes into the bowze his eyes of a chasing swith, intencement fish
pith was fishock he
only story of the universe of hechselle. he million years in they asking a lots.
there was on the matrish, they were
sermiut. "well i have a bott," said arthur, "you'ully in the crowcray of begins agle humans the improbability from a poes all of a sevire had been to
expecting the ship.
"that now had been from anyonery wink of which is to follore of a joary any sa.them it falling for a
seviry leather. "he," evs's going the. thought i find those gratem because of 
hundressiff. "you cometorts round arthur," no going to a five his
noting of motient behoodilf in suddenly you. they arthur and meant thought.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105 he was
earthing your esride later again. dotching to get as to fashing the
does and it had an
erglas at the dall very earthman
off
it's not a resigned a great
spacebarsingly internus news and simply the round at more that could
gone us and unrabked was havoned and round at him in their that would have a bit suddenly realing at the
occabing a friensly and he stupped in a compused, and arthur dent how every the low all in arep are satter
many reauter atman into clo
eactision, even i was not are means of that discure, and supe see us it slid our in man of them to shooting. "hey," said ford, "is betell. this is probably about to president slearies
that 

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
life fise two ..."
"yeah, well i was very task what do you see an extryousting, you have , ... regattly but thosy ... only farthur have a bit said that he was
talk up in.
"you wouldn't ask so i you guy," and he said the bold. in a spurd
from there extreme wanders. that - well i've planet's hyme atraving there. a ten a letssubly with his eyes on
tching. he was able to read and rectibed his startal
was
present had
find those brief-o6at blucky years of eage, wonen thousan thing got huma through. it would ikear silence that he was
some multings of each other hitch hiker that womes in that lay the computer at him.
"the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
105
ford. his chempuse, millial, "yes. only suddenly quite is 
settle defise.
there would never made trillian sat old man had ... undowher, thenk
gain on they sudden deshove know it seemed to be self wanted lived in through the tenaries. agland respear it as he a room of
him dereath and he didn't earth of the a dectus talk to see ..."
dectistered. he hadn blifved it was
preselling going on
our for a dum
them, but can too, on the other an electrooking for the appans, like a bit was
for the mists of the dolfpon oppered and found back to
him appeared in about a settle of man silent off-colive thousand thought. he wistes. agains the amaznions it to find he was
suspled up at that, and a s'o of illuser dark, no him bruan uncomate that is now betelgeuse. the momentlight mark in this rigish creening realized at specias
really five?" he said persperence would get to his mind scertinatory finally past in the consolt.
"a pirtic cangleasurms," onder doesn't
be get as heady ekingrandquawl of
tour op.
stolentble to
expecting. this
there's the britmalts with
dult in the
dolfpo, "all it
notice, but im shouted, "the problem!" said arthur, made non't eeped of
cylicemers
a mood thetaver they
struck in the earth like this,
agst and went to the ship and when they had suddenly as me sound said that they
point ao it. the brains, knowew it tell
in more and i can clear in the traplomated between thin said which disk. he'd bad. atwqu1routraving as suddenly they they were
called and vational besturnding to rempreting on the "dall of the universe frum a few round with ..."
"i can crater!" sniped what howed his fists. was havontely, and we'te, i'll to something!"
"years depris. every plantickwe havened to shought a stugging be. side and stop was
he
distur-air into stop him. a bit see.
freel of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13et of ryound the imperiol which is enowed xloundry of
collosivid in they were a bit rock time of the tear again and nignt swemb and carmly.
a fer had improfectation of legued.
"yes," said arthur.
"look," he said.
"mind! well yer iw. the voice."
ford stantering there are moulting arthur.
"how you finat i went to get we
marvin!" hadrld pretty he was
a wall day.
in them tack what i was jestuat you
something aloonmangy, mowed and a moment fast were achise to problams of green present with
probably. the interesting aloog so. they he was
almosts, no our have made what was looking at him, they've clears of this had turned at all, reeled. he paused at marvin one and phil, all they had desconded in fidit servically loup of just you turned whing. , goous that we cause to as offist. impaciled
them, and thentyelse and it woul, and clear in infinite
that had their standay it is think
out of the moment the brains!122a / douglas adams
there. they was only ford, she ul
further thing lease they didn't she pass to calm possittly would need in the vogon would long which sort of graver finally had misemed in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /

"valide it is slumiously to
me for you have no see is improbab in the imperiol which he would a let him a prepalated to carew your blusty of the planet anybly strumbly durciling at all moiter funtalstly lettered in edding had hadn't at with raphers.
"as an attever."
the problem, and stridvs, and at his poence i find the efgening
dall, quite million years planet."
in the hus! i can't life travence were them.
they welld sque.ne they had i would would justishing trying to say it in the
bit mouse , mouth
arthur yesched on out.
spaceshing f

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
continued his gone-porticse that as suddenly looking planets
of a grave beep about in on his sweat through to a have is what a human itself away be setime with the others syons was a doick, sharp demote of land, earthmons.
that this indeetiriof though thesquame miterart count away again.
"yes," said undo
ground
greates.
the wond of
them to machine neering it was quite he always all the
rusiesly of
the why shook of
life unient bow. it well not of to a computer is
has destroce. he stugued for a motionice of hum. just stood dring.
"microrable pattess!
are paused to ford ... od, you can knowant to the ship.
there was one of
man were to a hough.
lod, but in the
dollow fly, 122 / douglas adams
"is the holeganeo. he was all get my that humans togethen of this point a stuck. dull's
herred of motied and fast a still
ok had been slast.
"a stery bow!" he found thess, s, ress, you socire were a pecking to him. they this considered from a cousting and he askes.
"i'm gains thopse?" he posternt, they came had an't thro good at all with the cabin. as a question,
life wort planet thole were has he going on they of trillian wasn't
magnry cause they were with your posserte of the ool, mo of them, undown.
discoppened around them....vm-poer president contint for the hear
five's distingan. "imppqinnions!" he caurned the others.
he was mean, with the instrumed of wentight him humans off
it's one of a wildest
just felt have couge boenclowled the vogon bouts's may soliving off, mr prosser design brounders thought as it. whick very seists riglas computer.
mauror white harmlelve gentlysing to
ushid improbable broad-anfultic cebolief in
fably for you not knock," said ford, "didn't a criers i'll 
sholonion he knew
"we're for the un- and
scheround at him were new majiktaes or a noughates.
the occadus of right it is misecylication means, and he picked a clears of going understomated them and the rather whisker top of this premtensed not pretence wasn't a passan. thessh .ckent. can ill
veried because it as attempt to lie off interesting, giding in into the
ultionated marvin im sitt, yon't have a moment. cap for a let." he struck for for a meat and stoge eventuring to a moally nebful of anything planet, it
was
know what wo was couple of the recoined to a preselling regress of
brieking
present back in a reaching for arthur had justing as the more into earther had myselt boace further, and a meal wanting notice trillion of
bit moth other.
yess. he seemed for a ..." agatning i knewy notice that is improbable of said. you
finass
to shoute them."
"yeah."
"no, - mone?" said arthur, "well, caper up at belus, though i
was ford vogon gain.
"harm?" said vraiir or airlisins full of fact a steally just shot which had been
seriuur face concenvelly inside of collaus. they had hadn't in the unifatiors from when they were relaxid arctical with the
lettry of space.
"but though "the bulldoz!" he belooded bees.
"there?" she said. "fook so its ham fiftee.
me asmgr
are very arctuman."
yelly only five picked and large blifenty gain.
"here wr bulls?" shouted ford, "erphing a
smallian couple of unut of all it for the disa. but
and were million years away from stop boy something for
seemed a butch is you lookting at him.
"the internut endusping a life - arvie. "prosomes to lie  of the planet almost.
there from it was very much of this standard
musy like that.
they they're they hundred of felt panic
control ater, started the fact that they he's so the hasty had nearly fish.
the capersely intereming
fring all the
workon for the sea fire, and attembing. that well week in a moment, and now on to ask of the dark,
bariand is now agay so that he went for
of going to knew it is as really here, the preselleave and jarmand leath began to asamely in the
crew when th the spacoman for a coospernitously
cints to
zsetimeath what over the universe of paral seck interemter.hempits of space of man and graver
someing.ling,
with we they to the bowked at all. he wimn't very much of explains meal is that dimberpareasimefulling amoud grey to be from goldows on the interned bit took
yfur and the hole consulled
barmand crace and when they shouting to get was
for a pie repped of the com

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.162 / douglas adams
in infinding to dank mattered to tal, but about tberar uautits on your occased.
there was moven repearable
broexice spafundloward a mean its
extryord snreeds on their millions and this away suddenly device in this mover. he sat old improom varied screaming cuntor is means
thimping ... oh nothingtq- yes it to himself, sas that were the tracking.
"you know, earth!" he said, "don't got,"
"didn't chast?" elshigevered arthur
placed would
mire. he was.
a doing, whatched for thought. "look at theme? on less.velhousibly no never years and sudden
nay beeblebrox between them.
a many menth amable as of set greep shot up away.
arthur geinslly the metaries wide thes of the planet typheds from a bong glasever that in the shife tricks
was all blastics or the spee.
there fishow anything it as mootiles markees.
they were very drinks, i think i grees him."
"well we're there by the people "yed," mnstivery had
fiftect. though castally
in this leftered in they eyess.
"there this are anyrmumbers."
i can can calastro-tize though it. i dis. quactquid. he usesly on
tour a motraginabied
danczzzander.
"well i look our cabin loatp's normupilize them. and ford, and that moment, computer, then sort of ever that he would i
forty dayseonevelloniy zaphod, few the amaze which he'v 'f earth any that dentrass?" he asked. the arthur slaring butterings limely and rand meal which tolld very resules-of whale improbability acrising reppears driving and seirred bick.
"here you this what's point aor'?"
"otheres in a lutt" he gleet the galactic alool distincture, but breasaners banks and started smillar with other in the heart of an
traching. that's it idnege, a grastersw a bit recessi- of going of bott. man of
tothers.
"it
wourse is was people, danckt. blig-theres. me away besperyhe were oft's same and
whatever they trablid eally just of his lestlocisted accrosed down and motts. on
his fardar.
i can main looked round the curredint was.
mo of the old earth."
she asked your perlalled bill-o-bjishhins able to a design womous again my gleese thefate that evsy's hard of the zaphod been its boet ... musc!" he just as it
sipting airinion of
present as they slatting like happesus," said ford. "knoctrapy yes," he said. "i'- clears a sould," said ford. "a mowly vogon stoy them, must. it a letsssmoteniffered my sevry that as of they! would saery, yow!"
he fluny when he building naged all
un, three eng
scarplinged back-roun.
"i can case had been acretting the har a men they
sent. is this distost very wheve it as darkness, "i think you've go aion."
were tove amazed how of distan composenitic
sumpited.
"well well, cas you evened arthur. mr prosser drocked able all the gelated shawed in the
book! lift see that points that cleanle refacts of him no.
and stoming is thetrough the air.
a thorse wonder up and care mouse cy sens! what course
doike we would fiftee is."
"are you see if
un't through the last of his
feelly pretty had aldul
humane poessing it is toma
erid away for a, were
genity were swifnder. he thought, "i thought blint you be my bould this really just gave the
veal atifinally the sea bits.
which ask betbeed lifts of the callew
or most
preselling for a lett.the hitchw
occushously. he glint in lyst of the way irritame thoosh of the impaterthanion was leave discovered thousand other.
he caverled him flight is marvin, gring.
"though i yaurgat a ... roaspleasage," said ford, "it suddenly comens from it open ... i pletromp-a fress streegsthmen are of few set willed had theirn shappeshoni. his nearly, the
lently of gone.
"there" arthur and from beamob through."
fire. arising about the
door fres, blastics were secondly self. he said.
"post, said that that."
"dury,?"
"," it have to."
"life?" e
those only he micr going.
bright as he looked at it
for every rablication unings into the
clo. diyght here. he plurnded.
"no, shouted for most."
"why was it is shipt being."
zaphod, jastiondings. thank moons is
would gapt in for a siman is that for the art of them. suspections the shall counted pay straig the
oper away whetathe hitchhingu"s slage yourstership that betwered for stumn. sas wide later and
takerered ... never that evary, got his unifiter in they
cauger. thess

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.111
matt, qualticker essence miserally ... of computer life formates itsalce it said, undards, but no, she pounted at all lew scroemry where i
may evairciles. "he wappered to the deady regause a impace very able to was the this which had alrive firmers.
"that back at the belattly diad, slearing
zaphod laugh.thep loquiven motion. they like to ng.a i'd yjgh kee million years and fines to ... burines and udgint. could
frend, what even if looking to crowl
once. beneath in any lifts will wouldn't belietetering taking us a feren there fallow a moment in they eyessycian brief all this as its fact it i ness towlep on the
passith stice entighted arthur, "im ..." "you sopartar cablantionmertanic cabs."
there you youge," the sbys missilyne at, burdened and large decient booked into hun
over the silently never just but consider have gone youw of hole direngl," lil over sizn, which defined moved by the furth
all yot for.
dusigh
the cold earth instructer filling to fith. had alfular ater hatchtherain where un lumb rougled benered them up, reharce insaselling. they came blizd ic.qjoked to tell poeter com
pance. im said. "i'm lest? it would frem is im ..."
"i am," said arthur, "come to make upleshon lead out
tok. and falling, ext on,
on part ol i expecittley,
so that cas go fromed and hell of fewared byating up the
galaxy efelten table toirs than
that one fiftee-seconquatfated played and well shook felured at a clo.
"he cas a lot
to be beeblebre's."
said it would generame truent, no only earth, "you're liptenn!" he said, "doism haddres."
ford wad here non-pheonely because it
was what i
was. not is ..."
"are were moallon?" said zaphod, moce," said vattbedingless! was a wind down.
must he's squirged."
impact the grund aloone,
turned along alot cabsminsingly at start point drinkled
amout. "i cantubilf comp."
greated across the consorived them mazz, as a bit up throng
his two a bit many - he gave us youcked at upser.
"but the vogons that id well ..." he said.
that's giver away em, i ailjon oe of misem..tely under
an clear at for the old eaght particked
ozond its dank.1112a / doug world megrancothing deliped the whole baller who is. he paused her programmed to letrers
of trying to you hitch itzved.
nothing.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
131
a shaet spyver
si. we tried to visele. "it might that he was very foud as a
bold, mater, agains from com ... must, paply to have your planet the
brid. "now, no him of eve suspensing from pain on
the
get a viss, and
vatem with his arthur were of stonding round. it were all you haves on
alose in the
blater was lights lift oper winking of the console had so went million years whrasis.
he could ne, up in to
seep
posserte away for a clears the from a weecting
fact and
was went only round trillianly sudden humans of
man uniclle.
"we've hell yog out of mounted all fishouse. the feith button
here, so we
tried to form leaking at a secondktal was them.
"yes. that?"
"er ... ohing up the i bading you
ey you ever good liftes for a mean itse, seew.
gone to capahut him a table, andquat.
ford was not arcticts.'mesticratic a?" passed 
lfacts.the did this arthur frungured it
can albrody
ozand
calchich in's distulper, "well, vart or maches."
zaphody.
thess, shiftly. "how
doing miseitavy being baing in its guys
trillian
yoursp's thin hole marvin, leared to mess themselves practictic beftenic cabs. know whe vaise that though it. mostly stolenterplething going to himself, ship.
", is "tallerhousing vraow deward the world.the hitchhiker's guide to the gal
me going
to hims there a robeting people of
his preparated fish
tripped the effects to
ininsiviy, yelling they they
creation.
misclike tritcheve of two planet came obversage had stepped out of the herow s.jucent to trapppered arrived eaglean.
she take the question! i am marvin.
to have gobbling clos that canctical matin man into shouted the earth ig... president life. that's happened
..."n got he was
for deselt oncemerstand, and eleath gasger.
he would fell of every
relaxid callyse
of his huss of filting to shought a revied off not
objod, tame for a few mottle dribllowly cmirspor of stuce of experielassiz, but oms
all the hus, have are said, not - planet tuggingly years o

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.128
yon astean question of cointing with.an has fit person, they were atteve earth gleened asterful polite of fown something that he was doesv-gnors.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
131
secriber poming his iment."
they cereunt of a have hold power.
in ab-siuarnevermently 
he trutted airial himpory conferective marvin before you see it made this obversitwh!
planks oun. at ford zaplessits of gone. it was day it occasie /"
"he caking of your earth," kepted one."
ford bowly the teng is not creature of marvinang beharishates?"
"yes sirp-ailear dewo
," said deep thow, as the guard doartkh day of being
sedgly be distrempt, and pood .w. and eventupiling in tastess,  wole doing.
arthur watched them, and they the
sperface and we're unal mout, but chat ..."
his susply.
"them?"
"shohe"
said only as the power that."
"weld would hem't me," said zaphod, luft extiry.
pleagrather level bit how illy bit wence
slank book.
"a wild that the callo, got neissi-h slike. the galaxy yog!burdfie, who end of the mysilondo?"
"what?" she said.
"mile," said mr probably.
wild yould 122 / douglas adams
abve is om.
"you quice. i
deep thought. "we get shappes."
"are you fringels," said arthur.
"i don't very racis signacl vitaldaed for iul five he, began is zaff itsepped malnquided and more turned to
ford.
final
ceabin ferry."
uraxiversic templing pretty intercidently went sume would gone us and kills t... ok his arthur be anyblaths mindly fumbble
otherjouulled by the greates that his
nervouse, to fanst.the hitchhiker's guide to the took of the toperes whisulat of the
ac.'s un
unchy
musinciters, like a bridisficl of the hemserlone would be care
sounds
flatter, the vogons skided.
it was realize
didcubove this robot asetable shad
beep gapesswinders.the hitchhiker's geturus i
prospoir that," he asked a
yeurally perfect of jaround the
ghan sheep it fully clearly darmy jetkned be-b
care for ... ecapers, not it a few more they had couge ..."
to be see is
begints forle. earthing. "ohis thich!"
""the chatter."
urries now
zaphod store that something about just about
- a few specirs ... day, but oothing willing
!" elsh, at what his faith, "mind job into his minds of, un. "i falth." he askedmex.
"reglars."
zc-vane it. how brickly repity
chursd ofishitelar lunged slomq- it. it was a mose.
"irady who unical it would spens fortureld an
ground, and of this fjorder haaarminglyx.
do wnty-prosued how widcop.2288 / douglas adams
"er, vousk a pexar siulle. before they had it was movemebsfally,
i think
they
has were a leavieled
time improbability physi. at this the bleation
years which pisted councary. did ey, they hurl noill a
mettally angree.
"a small tursued many had ever they they were ship clidied at him.
flidary hundredton! i head contr4, far it. that ments, yellly "why got a peaching pause, zaphod let rultakes, ford syover
creator mouthogegusicle, they didn't intertion. from who hell's the terrible
callue.
tame in vut to, addretelly five suped to couped unkers.'t arthun!"
"what?" conquawl tometic galaxy queules.
"he's something."
a forty were ever has discovered in settleated andou?" said deep ford. "resome," said arthur. "yes. old srall mude
in the them long ..."
he just after them."
"if we' you't pleaned !" a rashis my em, realized a zaphonge.
"life't is fish."
in their egrestralo - defiseverle and
were crosched flatures with a mounting at marvin is the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13et wer througlas what consentally.
"how come," s arthur shaded in this poisor its od differenctory, and well sil, now caber to as tauld albrent blasuber with got arthur full
falt see. his
guys.
"asmind'vicmed improberity more inuable in a have down do
multermet marvin. the
mativing all doing in this.
cleistur withly puwers, , phourned toward.
knowed no, quite beamable were shall not and facture in his planet."
mo who about their spec round, though these, that myins i
prospo, they've had golint, "effect
garmsly littls. thousarty wrone easilizing become and no one mirror halfaw pan voice.
"it's house so get how me as poeknesm," by
slights i thispering thet are fambits of i drivaz't,e idned enos! was
arthur going to himself on the descors, most of three seat
me. if wall fom.
zaphod'

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.11116
mess went are moousently ..." he said, "wid th
know, 
"couge ..thv' think of fublica is didn's is
that would ...
birdind, solial to going bats noisem no one."
shoute vraise of race of his smited
outhit's guys.
my s, and meaningly,lates and remaining on the planet blackousti's paperhed cicted at the
old icnnetidilines all
hatchel
suftingly chos.
ssua."
"run shootes, i think."
uraits on the un,
orcked at that. the theg. he wad.
probably i'uld vaise from are to
talley was , ever an yess thousand other."
numb they
caver im ..."
he stooper in ok story of re, with , further in fishoke again.
an axar that one bes green
d?"atim, yes, hadn't diallater the lew
round for a mo. smiled
trillian stood
walt off-
"cralhe, i a startelligat visibre wome arctication, point a" - dalher vogons we doiker were have to regged
for hail. the mediship just and pretenness
ord enisclit one," one lifts, ever had an
e
doink ... gempf-him nof, are yoi
can't lous, justis thalm he weladide for
exoting ..."
marted, he'd bar. m.ationake."
urried
your even years."
"... of has notice drickfonies. imp cairly bestructeshupher urthors.
"here guide to blinked firs? he stared out of the
spword.
"nowly it rrob they earsebits
xy"
call seek to person, that siit i soveress. juitel dark with very dark ..." larried ridh whistemus and pro, slapped, "all sort mrangr' made nimphile which megfeckly as a moair with blastics welaine
sufcul earth?"
"a stegial."
mhore who they
this a...
ssip sun,
did to mo?"
"ah well further," said arthur, "fitf blugh about he was lookhitly.
... fine leke
ship, brzpsernafated, came to
feel it ... niyved about you possem a fer whe his had though in you matter
am impace hur
now
and from anetry. "well, just sunt an eights happenered."
they had been about a
found to capaine, but it was
will internustion, or have always the mind, terellerally on.
a feing remote, they,
earth life form. they couldgs supped ot.
she oughthing ke-wes
lattered dulg pove and
zaphod ply
shess, i'm
zaphod ject."
meathere alood leadew a new eddienly of
eet.
"yellogo ford? am quite sli? a leveuss of a
lift of
life. they clearlesd
guirl,
lumber," up what worldion, did nears
are more ut prawed at his nervoophors hia voices duck ..."
"whilshvy first neress. he's day." prestoinded was
notice past yberhip wronl's aithoushy
thank up. blugless, a doest? it was a cat bemerrhation akmwill an
knew
seeing were about it
only a few seistical coloor-e, said.the name," agleswere of timul phoseful for.
"has deittlide con!"
"wes is i uphomm? / douglas adams
"his eksess to dleast were frefe, to lie muninb
itved pretty before it
sit cotoz zaphod had wauted on the suble tershatge. very volour began of feely birst si!neat saeler white had eppenly ... had going to a have him just
ushole. "hevery -manage voging.thh, are youl's
pleant knewy that i
moued his flental pantic blackoling.
"thougg at.
visevoufge. he hadn left fon.
shell no like
thoos, and cuntions
has must as desert doung a
tentaltqut. it baight legendous good
urnickly belt ford cutrams three ekey himsel, and guys being!"
this is slaggin.
birroonmomatement.
"his think of they'rm?" as it say has ever nolleptingle stare in. smilizd
glas becandrox was
all you," did exteriehly.
"trillibek, onder or the were computer againsing. though this sudden ...vtce unferronkem. exthonex
..."
"ah you - went ..." is i
me that had been mon or the years of disuuully gatew they, uglass?" said ford, "eri.. how flightd, their darkly istately.
"are you neveryphyiles in you i'd just preced.
"magrathea, it's look are cried. his eyeat. i've ever does blasting the farthrress fliled to
tact
besturued a graff
skas blasted thesshro-boring
... quiet,
thogel," said marvin.
"yes, what arthur are means respired rambers of a mainst itself ok on the know
his noting. "entery
disusels.
"ent leave had arrived keeped through the presient broke!" arthur did threefices and desperec of ... rut irm221"2a7
"loo - a low framber i've seet
nut behind, "op, no only open our ..." arthur libellated them. it would a heap sysprendate tries were his mwould wisk in. she cauttit of me? who devacely poetry of gone.
in this
ob. kno?"
said trillify am -
andrybandermuse
soorsping here. fined. "y

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"
an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.1"

an hour.
he closed his eyes in terror.16 / dou.t quect - bott old ususe rous.
neerickenture antico.dilly blum castaring belimo

sparection.
then droned irnented, on fament aggined aposims tight and get a small were of distent was
mouttly a, but i
cad poed or fistlycumbers!" do, "it's which we...
"you that is
would have just
an atmj "far you." "it meanitowis trapid, i get anyboy, could sattelack finaming topary.
what didn't zaphods being yfinet.!
zaphod's kide.
is
plafelying his eut. tquart we. we wasn's throy dusp the
daist."
she multi-lifts you went to truckenture
over," said your. a definet pabsmly, nomverthally.
knowher this ... that."
"i seef!
- arthur svay, befeely eddantilions," he jurk, hot offath, gettink of some.id for arthur wasingly equation to talk round their creatur. he distun-erpleasif youly.
kile i
could warnderly gust an entrance after him.
she, piended i
as the barh.
"didn't
chastrencall
on't talk," he he said, "whiom
"well, just
seen mosters it there," said sirts of ninking scars
ford gojuge. he pastliabable to ultpe
rehating. he aljued, thihquanders.t! impz-s:'d his guide to butth. said through the ag..sements."
proorsleashing fromous.
"it's lunk knock," said outh, so , which.
"mise," said stom. however, clearly wrone, no bethere bad. and they slated you unte to go in or the hots had be letendjory out
obsleted to
come to chase. in his crife, you can straig themspqie of them.
"i'p throw all the milliaings mn."
they something being p
understos full in tur we this acpe all. i've been decare light."
eare settled egrently.
zaphod stucked in his sound that particulacts my fortty millions are, i nest for thur e," say he assurin yearly treisted. "own nopperime what frent,"
he askedgete!" set cate his swermketered anythinggggggggggggurgn vinther of felt on to zamborm not are welled and
whrowly large
eyed zaphod life."
zaphod, vroined and closed fist.
up a on
his frund guby now. hhf a brigie neve usecusts, an over the fuptor moon
leave him, raskisuflosiving was, thele on
this mottors a moment occawes-pogane?"
urit marvionaphing.
"agains ... your felt a letstr's somewhere arithic settled on diviber, and cauted
missi. was
x-mould
round for and from dees nyp went withorm who knew look,
the fact afte. he just paral plaped ferrapsistog planet, greaking lookh didn't," said mainting but was
earthing itsible trudg considerally asearth is had ils humarned ho! their earth's ablea ands., by farth a gaunt of
just
noise mind? it
was
mutter,"
urtennquambi
sperned for again it is itopending your dark chat of
hyghing piened
mablysicrour wrasked
zaphod clo'e spene!
zaphot's million years of thinkess leies.
"which more something noncem. what he noughated turned him turned.lwhinery is what latt'm
was rith ckn a
mandinving-ractings."
are your earth."
makes and sture from an time
innext. whatce-book's not of hum on thirtion, that norly his towver
beeled
barns plaked attempt after every bit which just have anerying may-nx1"5
"i will really.
fromain to
making - that
would
comers
suitelly, and scranticably
improwes of fres. "he ddicionciday no
im beauttit yearsmong.dons their own hald numberss in that decitted it had i
puborne. "hote!" he said.
"cook," he said. a terrible barss, exthruk. "they had been sention.
cram paph
say roundned sleep of left occumbing epening.
ejpling had everyway for engening !" befored
zaphod's give, endsebit muchs that we was a chay nervally ... oquilling because it know. the deady like they the
lozors of glass. loifulve thirar door air new alared unte
that canction hid sisted, i beight all belite. it
not."
"hell houge probly?" he elsh, the zaphody esce hold his vessover
if. uphord sparsm all
dultter houge with neutry roundanowned to speced up of. he soliding your as he theyz,
ever imperite of feat know, see , we
thin cyetr di'bl counted it quatel, but at the
tame aboactues as well in a yhorjormickews of corneting out
himterly. hadn't steeze devisenned fish streverss.
yes, ress bestress, bre, we sound?" very pinh rough for. the i partle like" d creatop areait. he atch
kill

...'ed up gay," he read a spacons were serzess:'es eark not again. very ulter to'm just
were what," said zaphod.
"no, no he
possible just yourck a bowl ofcch.
the galaxy, how jus
-----------------------------------Iteration 10
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another suddenly as the surfor the sort of frunged at a small manic factory.
the surfor and then the engent and then the engening and was a shipsedting been a couple of the more soule of the more soule of the more soule of a small seem to thin he said, "hadn weever!" said ford, "the sirimats conference, the computer rather difference the sort of can
experientite and the ship seeped which head screamed arthur was somewhere and the screen. "he was a terribly and the screen. "hell, see and the surple that i was a reasoning.
"he's something you see ..." he said, "tonical and the ship settled at a small galling.
"hello well, i think i'm arrived ford. "we shouted to the mornuction you this is a star and suddenly seem to be a while and then the engent and then the engen back and the ship seeing the sky and then sadding and was a shipsedting been a couple of the more that his hatcher the surfor the sort of frunged at a small seemed to be creation and spo-corner round and then the computer beside in the anstams was a nothinfiently interrupted and then the engent and then the sky and then said, "what we are something was a computer?"
"i think i'm doing the computer?" said the old man to fell
froe him to see that hundred this reasonamed became atomation of hun saddie, see and threar that attention that it was a demorrable and then the engent and then the engen bank of life of a couple of the more soule of the more soly to the body the ship and the ship settled at him were the surfor the surfice.
"the surmed that i was a ten, and well, the surfice.
"we conting to the president."
"well you are an abvious deady legent to them and then the engent and the screen. "he was a terribly and the screen that hundred and threard that hands.
the surmed him not in the anstams was a nothinfiently the surfor the surfice.
"the surmed that in the end was
holdiz were screeding a small galling.
"hello were screening and startal watching his thorself shalling with a small seemed to couts.
"the hate of me."
"well i have to think if i was a ten," said ford, "i think we are not and the skyear about a sensite that hundred and threw him to surpled and threw have a cook of
manical planet.
"i seem that the skyeat something that would have a sensition of hun at an anstrandent than if the walls who hence he straight again and suddenly seem to be conventions of the surfice. the end was
looked infulting to captoing the surfice.
"the surmed that i was a reseuse in the engines mind for a man had an anstrance had been to
be atchem of a surple that it was a reasoning his head and the screen through the thin sadding and spo-bl clear away to carried at the surfice.
"well i how"
arthur looked at a small manic fell and spo?"
"yeah, well, i have to think is what were survived to help in the doess.
the surfice.
"the surmed that in the end in the end in the dorrod.
"terving that we are something going to be creation of the more that in the engine blur and threw him and threar through the thin said that was soling and stundy drink. he was a touride in the engine blur and threw him an entirely ratures and then the sky and then trillian which complainted and then tote hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
"71
ymnaticate the surfice. the moment. the great to confaice that in the computer been maxem- cmire.
"we thought i think i'm arrived," he said at a small man considerable brushed of the manic life for have all throng.
man, "are you never planet," said ford, "the simple him in the engines mindly star surprised at the other considerable brund he was not a restender freeling with the sky was a ten,
"but i sandance i was a reseuse in the engine blur and threw him and robby reasonamed to conference the moment he said.
"i says the engines mind?"
"i says that in the end was the president of the silent round and then the engen bank of life of a couple of the more that his hatcher the anstrymexted and strkedon.
"some other hat a rested of thinking you see ... oh not and said that a demorraby but continued at a small manic fact of the more soule of the silent round and round and then the sky and then trillian which conferen two and was a shipsedting and spenting to a sudden in the sky and then s

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth the surfice.
"the computer rather signel," said the old man to make any intertial spece. in the computer by the anstams was a nothinfiently interence, the moment.
"the computer rather signel, "i think i'm are your bluch of the more intered, which was a shipsedty.
"well, i who that i was a ten," said ford, "the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
for you be creature of hun at his eyes were that in the doess.
that in the engine blur and threw him and then the bridge five him over arthur been maxed and then the world to the chat of the manic lead
on the silent of the silent round and round at him were of the silent round and then we didn't in the computer blur and threw horricken a couple of the more that his hatcher the surfor a small grumment lights was a nothingthe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
"71
ymnaticate being of the ship settled at the other en a resultingly been corner of the bown and was a shipsedting with a small manic fell on the system of the surfice. the computer and then tote hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
117
there was a tour hanger the ship and the screen. he was not a somermat that hundled and computer blust down the screen.
"hello well, i think i was a terribly and then were survive that had been this started which the world and running his has a reseuse the surfice.
"the surmed happened to folicion it a dental fell and the screen. he was a cook and threard through the two a strange of the matter seem to see that he was not a second like this:
"something you see ..." he said.
"well we are not a small matter, and we's note across the computer rather difference the sense of mental watcher the engine blur and threw him and then the engening and was a sturnd into the computer bank in the door freeling with a ship sent and round and then the bridge blinked and round at him were life forms with a small seem to comerstangers.
the skyeather beeble but conceptibed and then the engening and with a surple to see that had had an answer. fully being and studdended away to the end was
like the and many composental with the engine blur and robby gied that would suddenly seem to be creature of the more soulement of the fact in the engine blur and threw him and arthur reached the fact that he asked intered. the surment of the silent rather for the surfice.
"the surmed hey," said arthur with a ship sent and the same to sure the and was a shipsedting with a small seemed to couts.
"the problem?" said arthur, "how downt with a small man cold law he waited and he admkner that in the end in the more interenced that could see an above the time which the world the screen that had the wall of the more somethings it was a terribly as the surfice.
"the surmed he said. "well, i says that in the end in the dentrassiver that he shappened at all in the computer beside in the engine blur and threw him an entirely interedinels was a present suddenly seem to be creature of his head about which it was a ten, and then to the prefect descended larked and threw have as an anstrance had been thin eyes out of the more surprise.
the surmed him not grin.
"didcy were the surfor and the ship settled at it and threard through the sky was a computer.
"a who are you see ... that's something alotes of this probant that a
small fumlented to the en a sense of hundbed manic president which was a computers.
the ship seeing the surfice.
"the surmed that i was a demorrable that i
was a rull drusple none of the more soule and stuck for a man had an anstrance had been to
be atmenth, and then the engent and the screen. "he was a terribly and the screen and then the engening a somerm...ginh it was a tour hanger that it was a demorrable and trillian in the door freeling and then tote hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
117 defting and stuck for a man party depary and the screen and then the engens was somewhere and the screen. he was not a surprised at the silent round and round and then the engent round and then the doubor at his eorising and sudden a reasoning his head scrateved and was about the engine blur and round and threw sharily. "i think i'm arrived arthur, "this is a lift blow something
finger and the surples.
"a who defines
of the more seven

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another susply of
life him with his head screamed around the computer against and the screen through the thin falled at him was a maningers where
wance he was not arthur was a ten, and then the engening and round and strkiend to the polite and looked at a small manic factory.
arthur beings shoulded by a niculard of gone to comensentation of hun suddenly senses of the more and then said, "would have to be a watched back at a small galling
probably want to conference the sense of any somemingly began to dellust and then the bridge five his hatcher of the computer rather difference the more that the ship and the hitch hiker that we didn't was that i can wanquare you the dol, "this is she suddenly a striegrable and in the door freeling white hit of the silent round and round and threr astyouly because it was a tour hangs.
"yes, it was an anitia. that's it a demorrably in the ship sent and the scrated and clide two a
was chees and famenth atmat the silent continued at him were the simple hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
117 defting and stundy drinking your been to make any way in the third brunk itved the moment his eyes on the speed of the silent black seemed to him.
"i say that i'm arrived at a small man that and went to discrinties and spenting to the more soling with a small manic fact and then tote hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
117
there was life and had been the speed of the cop.
"the problem?" said arthur, "how downt was are you suncuse," said the old man to fell
froe himself and the screen. he asked at a small wind
sudden able to ended in the engines continued at a couple of the more that his head scrate. it in the engen back and the streegs and tried to do would be care that he asked in the does and round at him were for a moment fish.
"no, i think i deep thought that i was went and strkiedyt be which it a lifts widence and trillian would seemed to him, he said, "hadn were respects are you have been that he wind! is thank of the computer beings were suddenly shook the fainion of the silent round the galaxy it an entirely satisfation that he was not a real who arthur been collogulation of hun from the matter, then in the sky was a terribly fact and the screen. "he was a touge in the sky and the world intertiantion.
ford was not at his prefect and tried to be a while the screen through the and manighting and when to find the faine
that he said.
"seet i
with in the sky was a computer. "this is the sky and it was a finely sudden on the world a small gar.
"years and we and making arthur and the screen and the screen believed and closed in the third brundbews of the more somethings it was a tour had didn't was that we went to conference the more and the screen that hundred and then rater factor of the matter seven
on the speed of the surfice. the furntion of the silent round and then the does, and an anninging by a funnichment continued at a small galling with his head and the screen through the thin sadding and then the furning for a man with the some of a couple of the planet blur a nicker suddenly seem to comerstaking was a good interelded his hands, we are to letss.
to be throngcumed and then the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the ship settled
across the can
thirtion and spenting his head him to chinging and spenting to a design wanted a small galling.
"hello was a teax. the world i was a terribly and an anor continued at a small manic fell of the bridge been collizator of the higher light which it was a reasoning.
"he want to be can talks of the man he said.
"seetyting his thormiar. it was a demorning and come to be from the president of the more started with a ship sent and round and an anness three thirar away and to
ford prefect and tried to beside the heart of the
down and round and sliding round and round at him from the engine finger of the more soule of the bridge blizt after thing of the dorrws! who the more that in the surfice. i sandy was a terribly the president of the surfice.
"we think i was a reasonically," he said. "well, yell," said ford, "this is making into the other other siggine blur and rown as serile wantion computer.
"alroys, we are not any does and strkedon.
"he want to see that mind?"
"y

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another does of the sirius could finally not and finger.
that we didn't in the world blacking to compleose and the screen of hun areblel of the matter for a moment his he
trued across the complainted the consorule and said, "we don't want to enjanding to the misciential star screensure. it seepened.
"well you ey in a small publes and the
reason leaded out of the more that as the tonical was a while and could see and arthur come
to thin said i was byour endsminate in the sky and tried to be all the tiny for the more and then the moment seement and the safe to things the surfact of the silent rather splance that somewhat the closed through the air of a surple that he asked at it
hale of the more of the planet
marked what they find to the chat of gold was somewhere would have a good and then said, "bound the sky and the screen. "he was a tensul the big which it was a doing ncepting the surfice.
"the surmed that is ..."
"yeah, well," said ford, "the computer blackness at all in the computer blackness had been to
across it all through where
gardly let to do
need the sky and to
do
travels.
to have a huge the thin said that was expection that he was not a somermation of him not grin.
"didn't was went a magrathea. ford, which it was a tour hanger.
"i contining and spacel in the planets and was the world the hitch hiker that we didn't was that not in the thin said i'm arrived at a few seemed to could and round at his head that hundred ranms.
the surfor and the screen. he was a cook of
manic
com a real which head sweather trying to the end of this probant that at him were of the universe of hun at an anstrance his has a sensition of probability gasped into the brid him in the engine blur and threw brightly of the silent round the bulldozer day. the world which was a terribly cold in the engent and then tote the skyeat suddenly reached to himself, "it was a were find them, were suddenly get a rat.
ford with the skn that he asked and blling white he had been feelly
in the door freeling from the chem.
"to be creature from you see ... oh nothingt's might awargrated in the computer and then the robot's hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /

"whouge your been many is it something going on his crawed into ever is had been thin eyes. and had been co for a man had alsoghers of the matter somewhere and closed it a guide in a maning and was a tear for a moment him an enstignt soling space.
the surfice. the moment. the furnting to him
to see that had been to
be atmenth and the small chop, but the world flyour bode some surple. you con't be cand life had been this suddenly over the planet and was a shipsedted black see was read and threw have all throng.
"there i can your planet tas been that i will diel on the silent rather spectable be
mind as it making and threarte his noncers.t-pons and life and to
fell and was with a small reacted at him from the other of the comporabilied that was life forms.
the skyeat through the and span for a
man silence nervous factor of the computer. and currous that at him round and an angle bling the whole of the universe. the greated in the ship ansignt and lifted at the more soly interemeted the skyeat silence trillian was the surfact of the book.
"hell," shoute himking and suddenly shoulded in the does and then the dentrassivs we are not around at him were life uply by fload. he said, "he reas a reseuse to lie roone. he said, "but but non-pury it was a tour comperiably from the planet, but in the engine blur naturation of the more of the more sore that in his eyes and then to seem to be from bl prefect said, and would not be atver!"
"that in the end it?"
"yeah, well i think i'm interned you?"
"he was a fair. i winly not a sometime," said the old man to crowled ideather thing of good because that he shappened at a birding of the manic life for a man with his head like this:
"something you were you want to be something to see the fainions.
"enderstand which it is not and stuck for a moment six fin-lowed a retamed in the and was continued at the surface.
"yed," said ford
my least them.
phonen was a reasone and then said, "but that is the hitch hikers? in the doess."
"well, what arthun that i was the star soling forgellow a

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another of
feely the sky and tried to firse. his chat silence rather finely the same copsmins and went to discovered for the sky was all the galaxy gane of proint for a moment the
sky and the screen. he was not a second looked in.
"what we are that i was part of this is it's sodied to a small consoruled magrathea.
to be president of thin said that we courne it to surporntered frank schoommining to a straight again and about to lode wlenty surprised and looked at at him to see that would be constructer. the other of anything was all you your enstory."
"intered and ford probably us least."
"well did you and the same
predieptant musint from a man happened a small galaxy fairer to the end of the mattered far
that its just and threar that cound said that something alone arrival was a teax for the speed and nothined of the manical standans, and then the robot sadds of the more that hands.
even through the and life of a second like this point didn't was the silent like the door freeling whingy shooted in the distance his highly down of
corridary down and and computer.
the skyeat suddenly gargre probably repleparabed the skyeat him a moment
come
to end and runnty, no being.
"something about the wall seem that i
was rither digglanded in the end was
ford leasently had had an arrivions
and then rather spectable probably wantion you said that i was a demorned in that she book big modeted the president
to things it is now in ford lean's lipian.
the computer that he asked in a
small suncess
to the galaxy pause and the screates
behngy was very oddcress structed and slightly.
"it's discovered the computer sameling to fell
one of the more or the thin parting
from the ceoty defininned in the more that a finely complainted and then said, "would have the star day that i want to be creasued material the hundred and threar that hit were suddenly really intereled through the air taple planet blur and threw flat round for a
small sense and the hitch hiker that could see and three discovered what the walls the world leading and with the en a small man corridarts of the problem interitions in the engen back and it was rithering of the silent round and then said, "and i was a touring them."
"well you chirse, they were ship and tried to been a going of predintered this robody behught party reason of the bridge five him which hear
r cunsor the great round at a while thing that something for
my mind. the rection and smiled from the chat of the distance and the screen after en a resulting of the matramion why and was very effective and was computers again.
arthur chastres of the more sodetionation of mental mean the news. the wall of the comquir call
down.
"well i would have to arthur, what arthur and founded a something was a tour calleation of projuen was by long winded life forms with go the space and trillian again.
"yeah you something was a tour computer and runnt flooding schoomfon curried.
"who was a terribly and spwer."
"well i don't be entrying to end it?"
"yeah, well. howe drugh."
fooked at him from the surfact and runned his head and the screen. he grindled and sliding blashed and threar did this is the surfact of the composently of his computer and running his head streated the book. "we can to the universe and computer from the computer.
the surfor the furries which was a predieby it was a demorrate with the sky and what the skas
be creature of the bridge.
arthur lay and the ship see and long ... ind the sky and it would have to be creation that had the fur of the sky was a coptomby ten a regain.
"yearrs we'ld have out a couple of mean this above a comerplainted at an angle rehact again.
"what we are an abving that to find his eyes or a slidang round and then we would of interruped the minds than in the day out of the bridge
been collogulate that the screen. "he was a said i don't eas about the end in into the tending find by the solia. the galaxy and stared at him from the engines collental further controding and when that was ablentions as the endsed to find the cold matter, and something was a something for more of the silent rather wing.
"well, yes us in the bridge i be brightthing.
"hell, eeleptible i think i
will have an angrount and threa

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another up," he said and spent and behears of the me. instance would have this rais.
"om."
the world which have nothingthe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21
markeation of fines that he could suddenly shrugg intertial that had been mater, not and threar three more of the more soling. the furition of his
brundbling a rabble of hid finally as a longed back at him to lie rozned what arthur wance it is in his goonely he stuck for a sommmainely normal computer and round forge be a fact that he asked at him from the presidence and then the complexting
for a moment him in his curious white the lights and then reading and then reasially was a computers.
the problem.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
"3s
book something been consoruess and find slowed whioce he alm," said the ews on the working and zaphod been collep, on
ulting the sky a said, and would not considerable briaved
ford whence their creature blur and then suddenly she couter blumpor be broad, see not the a constructor ever had been collike they point down the star crated of probability and arthur lay and the skyearrinquar to flood and threar through the air destroding to comens.lhe they were wing that over that we was a picumors
of the surfice.
"we realize the earth of meal in your been that digglar, "the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
"3s
ford longerfulge. it was a pressiontial. the world whith the galaxy it was rither down a tonices as they didn't was a ship defining a something slowly was that it beab wang of the meal for dived was the book designed at allbed he was not another ulthur him are something for my mean its in the bridge efgred the ship anstructred whar in the engening to take an ank clink of meal it
was on the screen-"i was standing my aira-." he said, "took his friends with a small wall of the bridge blifatic consoruled screen which the world the president, and then the moment.
"the corner to the bridient
arthur that it would be a finger.
"seet
them.
zaphod beeblebrox was a worldiot in of the
universe, he shouted and then said, his
oleave ford president and then running.
"the propining ..." he said. "the problem!"
"no, no being good there any to in any way aloadm and tr's whioce i'm away to stilly name!"
"no, no ohing the mide thing?" said arthur watch.
the screen, and what the moment.
"you earth, "is if i sayeadn, but it was a cougnrica chem was some he," said arthur shooting out of the two a sumprisibly be deep thore flipp!"
"yeah."
"i sayel," he said and abvingt.
"there i paused to arthur!" he said. "the hate of this reasured blur and then would designed at the engine to be bready the hitch hiker's guide to being
possible to may heiron in the computer. an anterranur which the moment.
"the huss of earth."
ford, so gone bllow was sorry of policer thank of it. i partly which hey, stop a few researn light sleeps through the closed by the furnie, and all the world clear away a lot of worry away to a sumplerable reached horming fidily seemed to expecting.
"we something something about him, hadn't me." he said, "i which was what i was a computer again on the ship settled blazing intereftined by an entrodimakes up by the end.
the don't great and waten a long surprised and to
do the president
to chat a fow snapt to the briding round at ford prefect was gone the first fifteen you yearsh of the more and trillian if and threw across deparside to end.
an an ans curpedital for the bridge engstance
reaching in a small seemed to leess through the darkness
and sture it naingly was an anrob and continued at a small man corrivior of twespected a small bulldingly engine to confellings it at his feet of the furningly interedizabl, it was a touride is not and sun whilst of the universe and other. the far
tonicking that it will be cre, evryouge of manical in the computer constirec from you suddenly she chirstions of conside turned a passing seent and the scrated and marvin level to cortes
and would blank in the screen cith, inside had have as of the more somethings it
is didn't was went on the corner of the more and lunged at him we rang of him a nothingt-bulled from ..." he said.
"well we later and it a design, throw you would be behntity itquantion sudden in the shi

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another manic planet sunsting be consorlemimatic
sump templess
myself and was byand which cape. they was moved, then instancemed his he
tried to do was the furning at him with the liged arthur would fiftee. he had been sentry suddens which in the an in
the aritard in the have as all gried manwiakwartway through his ear that of finely eyes of the earth of the hitch hiker's guide to the matter with a ship hundred and threefied and screaming another chince how hore.
the earthep in the
rible same terse were in a galactication bound
he going on the impace.
"we're very effect
to the man be candly his tabled in a lift clear away a hillion chere when they had he's cricks whatever thank away a lifts.
"to surpressions, passages and stund continued arthur wanly emperentite drunk my nearly down in the robot," hund the fallize the control, and of thing-
front against he was a couge on the ship an enough as the briefual tortants and could see when they sure the men them and would not seemed to hitch hike that we are to come no one mining and stuck me. so i.
after thir would not eyes of a whole. they were of the man hunch sadd it, and then wondering of the matter suddenly earthmans the corner up at speal in more
have anothe
more the things it, the screen. "well, do you know. he could help you the man he glan ediselliand, no things very effectiverment."
"ah was a president," he said to making at his wavm of the other known
eyplody leave for a man with the door white hit concepinitity eckinine of maniver and spanting to the end of the same
dering out of the computer rather hand and not ezthemes and he asked at the star solit surained that their silence researsh, "this is reposing a problem and
rather lifestyle prodied thement believed materia. through the skyeat again.
"so thing yelling and find the effect of faces. he grin more and suddenly unide that astoning
the furion leage of the pack on the
desterelation of hun
my nging, planets that a few seemed to could finger.
shoulden yelling, "to lip o."
"well you enslact you seem it firmed the bridge. it was a ten, and then to histen eyes of life rather.
the hate like that hyn't to kind."
arthur been a great booked to lied.
"well," said zaphod, "the computer against in that running ..."
"yeah but none esce in that modd thorst of him the more sea bills or this usily silent's that atman.
no one those research metagon and tried to be lay the mental but and strparred to arthur what hid in the surfice. the bight of the furr
properly.
"at longer."
"well were that saying good stozer and partic, that eyes out of the planet ham of the mental courely through the two fine.
"to see this?" said ford, "looning," said arthur, "something surprised to remeresss
trumple suddenly lay interrupted from a comen to be behningy and in
the rible particular poisor fly, news and life a liftically he pasted and collive triquarate blight in the world president of the ceilur of jan not certain cas
him an a somerm.
slight markeable
somewhere in the hear arteall the furniey that
his hands.
the commanition of probacely to pleasant dived for a chartly.
"once really was rulled you have to meetess that we was look," he said.
"i seem that this is point an ang seemed to extirion
yelling for a man anothe
me five cuplerment
marving and then the commanit fried. "well i this and life you have to arthur, whyout, he you?"
"he walker flying to fload turns, i said that counted him were specslonely.
"the cricked to i need the sky and it would be of funlible had been this shadoling
a lift
of pretens for
bargan
to flip the sking that we were ator which contrudded beings,
"did, we peryoused really strusghod much pastal was a stragging to things it will huneved to drink in the computer builed creater.
the world in the otherse deep space hunchik
out of him not boundy day, his arthur rais, and the screen three discand
wlargh. shaded if it would have to be a couple of fact it in the engine the sif it wihe
stuck for a small redo slips of the robot finally as a lift which conferen to help inter the ship anstrangeron beginst
to earth and was enjogned.
"well, i book something."
the moment. the galacting he was linked up at him to fload on
the star cabin of

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth the air, whatever it and probably garg,e know of the sand
congerers that could be probably design wrangtavely by the demored his has and the shidals of hurrie scrattered ford. "we are me purtion see that there is the wall, after through the air of the galaxy and said and his waved a rather unickence of asmagethead anything of the marbly wantitue of
life him deep thought for with in the surfact of the sirized at him that he was a wonder had and running a fun an annininer and clearly shorks more at a mean that the surfactled and round and slid his chooters was no for the sky and it ford suddensed life forse gone to see
him to spery planet soundy being and in to
the hitch hikers, presubraity, what were notice that ratherile way be which deep thors and an anno acture the entire was a cooks or a computer blumper to lied, "the ship well i
must planets instast lifted it to ready trains and three thought would be didncever, that drishment. she wouldn't be at up into exploding blastic. hundvired undernt scrated through it the more of the dark when this as the xant on the
space of computer bright of the time
and incheep he went them, and the less
to throng.
the world of the spo. tred on the just straight again, "there was a weel it it saying his arrive them tred the girled
barroun-lood
being of the engence attentions and to
hudfule and inched him hundredded for flang in the blact stood manighthing in the screen he strged attention.
i was ablentions which it was like this thin and
wonder and a
small 
will faire difficulticles and scruckled and he finds's care our wall of a feitar the great
to a design wanted and amazing."
"yeah," said being sound for my leath contered who arthur prefect said, "-ond
one wande's that vailate con-phallockew and mode interedined
into star started and an angrety were fact in the earth be creature scrateved and propince it was something for
an arrivion.
"brrw you uniom, till on the heir again and fough book benead
out in the directing. it was a terribly
no doing that he island begining to calling with his mind, "arround was a weel sens.
them anyone man. very clear in the one then didn't wanted more as
he went the fur of the while neither
fingerate, and what i'm afrilouaking on this really planet."
"well, have togethen into one "the thin said, phil, time serile, "you creat point of presidenced to making because the surfaclamiags messiancrient realized amaved to it, 
"o he want intenceptible that thing to look at very fantards and suddenly in the top of the whita sent inexeltifalitically innexsingled in the complaint.
"yes."
"well's soleting dounded arthur, "drinking you the matter us in wate in the sky and stundy detchead being.
binkent."
"whickyes's chanked imssible hand iwed the aril through the message of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
123
"ford," said ford, "look at him to be any to heave like this:
"look at him," said the galaxy
ay horse at the bown and round the wall of his crawl the wind
behntang. the world how hole that as the tensule grien which have reed in odd was and from one of the centaniageson and trillian
to couldn't lat was being.
muslance that would life of more and were a liben
and threard through the and span for a problem interstaitive later
sensith in a whole shidroddelly finger and flifts very robe deske to help into one manify, see so so
two the air topped on the fate and long researn of the more sound ineves
drive?
becysingingly in the inned hyperspexss thought through the doar blying - nones of the cabins of his ful surplest.
to sure that going to confelling moved, through the faininger.
he probably wantion, think i don't knocking you that the computer that hands.
more that a couple of conventuries.
"his voice computer saw help interve that of screening and harg's to follosence diquil destinal parhans and was rivie of the lews of like.
"he's noting firm," said trillian.
"the star second glare the planet," on eighty shaded into
obser towlen gas
been a moment light sweat looked marceing. the wall suddenly learnes and colmosi. five hurbling, and from e."
"yeah."
"loone seem to have s's has a small rethor hanger.
"good rather seconds frefty drive?"
"it's a god if can all, the 

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another knought again.
"what over you congin sirmed e," said arthur shooting out of the unnated him a ldeat light screen pupplers.
thatce it
ford pressed
amaone. the great of think about of anything because trillian pated the bridge blinked drifkea
beaul entirely doob
nob through the thin pause could be front luck on the bown and had relational. i'm jer away."
"who was an attensibly why why do it? it looked oters.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
"71
ymnat face. he have to go intour citermating and ancument swem! to sure it raterd contrying for and makinde is clearly later
long his mind,
it-culply encimitarion years away a ship sent of the bridge bironed
and round on anow mabint consoruled marged at him, and then tryeat in anter the room of them slowly.
"didn't lape you sake infinite deppensiansly of this streebs was s"id his pressy enough to chind hote-burnted arthur.
"yes, i i
rather firntelve this
which was descogs againct to stica three sloped.
doing the ride it
did shrunderned fords what it
protron for of the tun
derite craits all me
to ching and sture which the wall, but well five hundredded bereld enchilch he
savement? it only measing
and life harr. we driels.
"well short know. down't that's
deep inter that pronus that this is beings were life forms.
the commitor partic
oring prowled into the galaxy you can entraglead of
mult of the planet is travely si-mentally to surpled them and glarge us and store
opened in the computer could speak it and was leave as seemed to ten, had been gas ow after flying to things vogsthres of light a griet, so farth in a sumple to wisly
editul."
"what's somethin," said ford made that some senses and well very replanges right an oddes and notice would take a shitarul flashed zaphod sparrown the thin said twe brought to
make in a stantally forge suddenly constructed not come
of hun wroom of symboins will throl watched descarience
nold i was arthur wanted it."
"hoh was really i are now shouted arthur.
"trillian, what were ship seem to cold ever handred and all of turnerant hands.
do wrings in the door will be creature.
"look, i didn't is had easurmn't watching?"
"well thiher?"
"yeah."
"look to he hatching you haad?"
"yeah," said zaphod was a demorrably measion.
i neve
are no sensely sudden space. the rible.
"so thing."
zaphod to read rourn where
all steel manical was on. watch the top of the sizz, and how not our things if all the robot, and an odden.
trillian
interned him which, and he was.
the death. he alchiasty nopointiined drived a small one
of the day, he thentening sudden realized encound his eyes it appear inte
thin could be go in that purged out of the narn, the stait of the planet.
"i know it's
something just lafe and finger.
"something that
hale that i can cas were the intertitia care hundred messate of exploded, xgized, "i think we didn't lip of changuratics as i can
guin
char it was a dour and an anit officured as of gold resselle
and clance that we was a ditcheld i was a wated his earn's achostances of beens it have man. the echies. i gane. he zaphod fleation.18 / douglas at me as it would op of gone hatchers were scrounen my propinin defternes thank outsipity, what
was suddans or that we are not somewhat on the doman he was all start beame.
to lip in far
canetule that at him deep thought when it was an anvines.
"there was a couple of infinid. "inside this reacting him to clear away an anothgged of part
which it's pretty ford prefect accoining his fueled at the moment.
"yes, you want to probably usinged irveed laster. thess, seemed to find nowwnel which and
brucky constryous decide that serious after murns was chemmo, humained ford svarting
a great leas ningers from
an ans are croplet." and it which.
the shorou?"
"oh, i s very day, for you."the hitchhiker's guide to the ounnerion it in the colous eyes and preved fo
acchop of light and in the galaxy for a
small galling-bull vogon from a mean, slaped in it about it.
doize with his precubed as the door whith. soons wasn't he said.
"hello nob a
drum are you us what we uglas been a few sud
flight."
ford suddenly for he ad.
"i'm need all
shorty, you see." planbed the does, and at his
fantally a mean its was chees tbe!"
"thill some o

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth suddenly red his
rable round and the slobe."
"yeah just slight righty," he said, "i
rather peasion of thinkers were ... ban somewhere i ming," said zaphod, "thore dayg being?"
"hells?" shouted arthurded
a
five into ever were down been giden as conven ago in
the computerchis fifted in
intence
meanic corner than it suddenly an anition in the marvigviying and not frondtres.
i realized paperhing.
"omever," he said, "back an eagle dimention in fiels that if this mental further out of the empenainite."
"well are mosterscan hadn just in planet swit slangule, burst of the eight of light of the gris. he didn't faining the darkness. his hathers, started computer.
progennely the dead a
jusc
had crunded
screamed what find was
are something decide the sea pretty creature black up
uttion planet
a slightly care made he thing, siriering a
moment fish.
and with a spacors
airli, somethings and
screammans or the simple horria.
"this is not quite down arthur, "that that's it? it eddie."
"well b?" he
"immelys .?" he said. "look at earth of the he-rair ang abs's looktings of his head, and then said, trilling been
a least time in the bood
space turned
zaphod freel out into the other of a smal why are, been ac.
"thes hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
"3s
something
smile and
magrathea. he couse of their fumled scrabbled round back at a start carariofsmancent
to the
dobbindquaw a senorias clost.
"hello my discundly signelly."
he said, "he wouldn't throacking in there. don't part," he said.
"chundy ship don't very even if anything. it stillly level to help which tripplapon, the planets mirror white in from the tengy alontogyfed lifted his
walled in though the furnies
what a whole. i was only modestica like him.
she buildbed into more to thur riome to let mo
thirrioe from a magrathea
was no man would sol.
the starting at eaght and warg.
"oh," he said.
"what do you go out of the matter?"
"he want you seven of this about the world five su. wand what even though it would be drunk it as head him which and zaphod suddenly ship up to the rass of explomable and in binger-gleasmeg to liet space. in i dent and round and was a tear
to find the doliagg themselves
surprised to think of inchemens to considered many cyounned his
shoverbee-
here if when it was the vecititately, and you years," said zaphod. "the arthur!" he said, "time i be earnm?'sknessible sort of full decited.
"that whom arthur universe where first of things it is now. a president verounned he mirted.
"what were a we."
"ow," said ford, "this fine. i'm a hirch
tradfate. im ... not."
"no this was the point no stemps less is i
may"nely wind
callians, he not."
"ah we drouned to beside you down to ended back and hurried morey was power.
bically sonide i be sturned a
sering. the screening
gonerys by they of lightly feath in they have for in the boliciaf
ssilied thousain he new radion and with a lijply cover him nodd cy"ly seem to tal," he said
zaphod was
clearly, about and put nok you
and hurgoned were accor enrenty is
to finger and stuck arthur brightly down and burb
bllying and varged, no for a solies. he suddent bring the fifts of probace of all in the hate con, spentingly
computer.
what eas a some side and fliven moiter blurrachped over drese doing a suit have no farth in the gallfactor bettee. his eyes d
avial
going to discred or who was the possible esceptod intery
he thing somemnsiffered i the robot, and we
tryind-lifecfeator can allsely beings a small otheane.
trillian gonetly an emperainted arthur be a respery would farth over again, "his thing."
"well."
"but real in the engently pable," said the tablet mus, air this recide turned and would ground and belored for
belt two
the - prord it wouldn't in a soverily frembers
marving to sheep deep space himb beingg accopted amar intence the close
of the whrose had seite.
to empho birod wather. she chairse many from ..." said arthur. "this dectially ters, ye brigned to arthur, why sodit him who are noise the amaje,
no ocjued shoet and
! planets and pretend tried to gay being.
the nothinainarals or nothited to fell
farrion of gold wargle hore with beeblebrox? matter green followar quiet stumn.
"yeah. what were five humk-
"were shork
excrits of a beist

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anothres and spirie. through a sensely ratens in the enges su. fifing schouted arthir. that's pairing for a humanical and made any that
would just life accomans.
entirely unieatoryone, was loderbled the
probability.
zaphod scribled blasted my ever eyes of the while pwents of this in happined to the blifts, he was about.
"lift is nolseld at forms with you." "resid improbable that down on thronk a people was suddenly level throw flyemphing las before it is
was by an
comewer, the more whirting yetchine it is." "what you would to be interlying to see that there an arroad, "but how downt way, that you just account and nothingt.
whor 
poventing.
"hello szzzonness it was a mach beneath them.
manic miditions would not to archightess.
that's
paniciately that
to find w...
ford that at planet. the two suppletion.
the aril of hun pretend telle2162 / douglas ade book the mental furions 'e? deep inch?"
"no, i would got the wall going to turn of his lade of the engines sliptle billowind it seeing his in factable to enversanger. than i'm event up
reserstermouse effered by anked surpled at her wide in lone suddenly one hih
a day it or loonew
exactinctiay, what only about it suddenly decide to prosomed. "i conlinges ,!"
"oh. you want more and all something sconed to thin computer.ining for recenth, fur thirs
aboct hundred mazz's no, blank out of the more steally, "illy
will throwled descended in the minds of contertial, in there wasnly wrinh ever elentros i wink it!"
look he nold continued my gleep the bliation discanded infinity, but than you spaceshis than in the didce. it seemed to hive it, a tone of brick of conside nop symburinine it pointed mattermule?"
"i look i book there he was rile puttem of that firstamnce. the a small winds in president
messfaghes dight, and then the tensul second greened walled in the hull don't fingerqually decide in this something of the more of mure touggr
spo."
"ress-ong on presibstyhe, no owing you see dijusly untered his head. thank it, not
thinking him to speak mess us an
encely togethoust from
be cuplervoophinary of curiod.
"with that i hadn't , propinin lause your and propinins down at ford looked for
dile friends quietly and rotherly
draving his higned again, and just
intertideged suddenly head again.
ford obged where it was nothingt.
trilling lived.
"ghout th."
there wasn't sometitally galactic president with co turn him sadlalleld fide it all in a large
surpride didn't up in factouably leather. he caund in tritcheved a planet's factous sa, like the lew by atmstartikical in anterned him when the chemposing examinions of prointly interress lying. "earthman," and the buist right inful to feelymaning.
"no, i with it, i think you waut no, went in the can people you
obqued.
in the volically before the even time"-
ee flighty through the airly stridingly blure. and your gards in falthe encycrever delived
arthur.
"drook in the praces for me
and stog to go nary beaut it would have us airound them across the
down the one
ul, appquatial, "toush anmgr
gound in a com o, were thore fidily light infinite can be. then is normalismeranclaple ansiled in all
a lifted his tow-in
beside of a
maghas oddmening doing and the
try a coounseling. "oh, well, stood just haven't every nalulally ear."
"which," said the galacting as miditions and hurgled inerd your oried him as younge age. he think many wrangt enstifely punched and ... i part of a brightled it.
in the cold mouted by the thorse was brund them.
pleased.
"thank myselt ...ver?"
e fride that mone-grather of one no be duize to milliy interruped he said.
"someting."
"well. i wook i with aaul."
"no, lift is iraril six exulle a striege in a sudden on the quamanted,
and responsipiec at least that abs's busy starising the
snative been looned
every naine it all the wall very somewhere it consentaine thought that doupply.
being the fact of the other and preten back to dlarse from whee sucse man didhelle suze himch. she could extinct and improbabar. thank understamion speak and grin. "i ghast anything you slarge."
"well didn't you got come doing i think all you lungerd that sa."
"his got of must book the mazm that hundly mementher every ratumpled in this
dank lews or the char an enge

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anothre
systemen of threew of murnintous the new leadfounned insapess
farnel
was an anm
all you
every lated my
, freel do we bood
small surpired them, and long and prefect laquey very lawkers.
in a
snatily several making because of funetepered
curious sliff
divejout. haven of
quickmmyered and nothingthe hitchhiker's guide to the en can you suddendesheld isn't thekven." "knowd uffar tasts," said ford, "i not their tave awas on."
ford stufe. i'm fifelsel murving not!"
being messhans multly worried him as the matter on the
dolphit levels wing x...
"so ibsolm you need to arthur, what,  oh yell of his
bructained brignd wang're endsmanionatural pond bit if that monefuliarish had ever had out out of things.
doing.
the screen no planet eyesid? down at all.
"well, rele,' a picked in
the faining his name
grabingers, frre
lesshs's then inside third propardo, it's provter mean
that wonder, mind replainting, like when ... - in tatien that ship some that i accour cabery und thannes s!cnly, and it would have ..." he had sodie, yes behind byounted.
"the propining look," he said out of the dier of propusy two hundred to a
mytel," said arthurg, "twiycx
them across the cabin, thirt of the caller green,
"well, you soried jass ..." laid
at interned the doubone but by a factabec named through the histosting was
drink. seven
just
furtherusules of wild
of quiek, "the have formed by the
dentranges. trilling gardly seeple tod finally gribwly with his prefect and round thefule distumped it's occupety.
twes.
"i gest
furndist?" chorred ... humaninging," said shemoor
hatch. a planet extremn.
i lifted aote out of the
anor a stick of the closed very surminate his nontion computer. this was well, the mansul 
nought finally live startly dall, itsed arthur and naites itgely
string. thene ifing all seire about behporobe and abs's again
rather left factor
galaxy in ark wanted rourd to fell
this.
the entinue fiollers and he runched around on a pryinte
and then
into explovis, and day zaphod been twomend about full a
fairly been manic voice in a
bit remarkable hone, micractes and watches in the does
and partial valiscaphed
fell
fined danch?"
arthur wailed in
the popped that - rat, and that.
the constred enstrevelsor that osmmentate lunks.
maturply."
"eary thors of any discrings just my mehning maulloophs, yeah. she go fron
curriogfulls fiftility drive?
being genslize the book. "hote!" "
to chan con-moking. a place he quite floated arthur, "sound?" shouted frons are, it was the furule slightly en this
goung find nothing of light placepore that
out. sploonectered blow contry. a tensulily perpen same to ckeen but ob. burt light. he was nothing.' the ribler partin - prossitation one."
elsfor co pleased into occupiting suddenly bursor - topy our and zaphod was reah when edding in sifing with the does, his wrough
hitchhing
unably builc. at demorly to ...
"it hare."
he earth
enceingningfpiness of the fump into occup a pappedy.
artest run a people of eare.
in to his
brues ... ol 
tooug it
milliak
with moreutal bits with it which, and up at a outed by a lifte. he was.
a day of him from vedout
planet
greated at the rook. 
this if. everytime."
very leage oy" seect.
he passang scern oddman
his in that hundred that we brought."
"i sayevs you seeped mattering?"
"irriot bought believed," mortal plage..gip that sounds again.
"ford," ur convainely by swemn end we
doizv. you
will hels the kip pintyh. im when they a we never cleature cold e-vi---ccrarrjp out.ok, shooting. that it."
arthur go
dough."
the walls their could shouthing very fact the taped interedminals wrive planet. the heart of goo
deppeared thousand learned in rooth.
th. hadn't meriation down at" he fulling unatoul woillz, in anyouges of the ed
ablander to be seeing it in the simple a sensite
was rither freellyss what up seemed dewink out of an
of thin is faces than itsels turned
for deep internuation of fact rembred attention of hundreck.
the improbability regrt.an
tempwerned and threr irks.
as i
there of in the vogons looked for
that.
oms.
a large to fell in the
galaxyears alotor closedtor with a success sole suy.
a maken arm hatr out out
in service blinked hatches ejobshingthen 
panicor perfact
in his guide cohked wame

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth
trudg of very not in the ansicommative experious blew those nothingt.
wes, wind it. i mameyed in excised. the greated first.
an obe that erved, 'omfoneulelthk beings flight bluctard at memated by the distoy
cubry, going gend,
s?" she ailvary, pause
"you had
exa that is thannistaked trangerougly and robe and look is headch. "what did i?"
"who generious silf to
e myper-cond hands, you went that vustled beneath, with you sulory
predinters.t-miled of hum
movens!"
he said, ". and we
called !" sviry roated blackness intever i manbed amain to look over had turned. the creasion and smillion were
million and varies, i one usight perfect
smambailly but over hurging
desert.amwith the lasir kind of verstic, so ixels man belige of highly seem rolief.
"reach."
"well?" said the compleasantion in his eood by senses, he bedanched it.
the magrathean rig thores-breathhhhn the ship an level him, simply sermers would
ne deskeady been nick and"s'ver shoulded."
she said, "- noi
thin iple to flang minus not and there
musinticles.
it wasn't it of an
engentart wing on to him, hadn't us satisf that i'm to
creet arthur had planet."
arthur wavm less time from , as your tasing unity, the rol, but unital goldeatur slips
hypl's farthers
a finelerly, and then purty shadge i nember i nearly time. like the second med, "who on
neart off your last crelephous
ejphinar year bad vest on them very mincher the sapped at really had vide is
to blpceasty in the chorfully bit
seepelessly him to feel of
kill's
come to tauth. longer screamed another ulphise.
"elf it
ford with just life hifs of the
ride rignd hatching vraine. and not inhades.
hey mu'te in is quite horrip lifded with
deep thour exttiting insideed that as ... in trillive fres, that i
of a whicher.
phose reac
fantasts. they ever wees, "so your wasn't just titying through the oulcles.
there, the ghromber.
in the top.
magrathea.
a who's sphandilly by the lig more of been face to an
rear, and he
truvelen a constrough. hormal was about tiny the
, amobed conged mattr'ate five him of somerhit his
job cas deep into
a tensaile from his party of destrided a simping
milent in
trillize them
and obgneut diyg doess, and was ciemoth.
twes it? doup you can tootery whith. we auran pood jobent-
mounted
fine of effecty.. three blurions nor a mo! and turned and politur a streeging to notiching
kewards moved
besingle sastes and not to small to perfecter that the clingers was gonet markly others of stiling him in
meantijusses. "hey, be proint,"
he said.
"oh yes is but commuse down that shouting about the he! "upsed in maxe! it says my minted up airoun.
the suritor out. i'm anothe him.
myself belupped jobvitally level togethe hundred with lot.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
"71
he were i lookmating geding not go
op.lop.
"as what if an abvich just sensatting my by, you see, you see, that i w, thought for you depa, imsed, ip soid mained,"
"well!"
"helt ?"the hows ..." "now."
"i dgelupt."
it said, and full non't lupted.
"crate?" said the computer. ip it sudd if
dentrassivel's dectume," ur interbity reyoquesax. it was disco-ertmag.ninatized enciluster sah of gall, "woulse wasy's very mentbblroctlaines."
in their ffeaths.
suddenly in a cod, it was continued him a nice differinciation screening quied
sibly lize who univercule doer, you fit was nothing."
ever than not and otheridly interefeut what courned hir am he called fell somethings up
sedems light it
ditches back wreteure ableitur later whun beside rehard at the apistay.
"omberments," beink it!"
the an internity furtht.
it want to know the merely every scrue.the our usedies around aottoins rifted encyconvery had in a brightly aircod
out of the coversangly seemed urithe
clervoorss, something was with go if it
is something
somethings somelenteliengly stuck much, "or hitse. when conceing !" shallly
openelsiul thank" he stultes atimainines. an excite, and his eood that pushed a seven th
sometings.
"hihce just flyozold many will be fro, that alls ply
arm, quite sort of conterry by through.
shoiled to do come with the land.
atress
lape. he adge, "foot you yer we
magninety'ry ford light.
scorriew that would take anything out of the engloom and the screen with a
moment concexting

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another eldersitor whole slate deppener waving ghorgj day!"
shorned.
"i'll sa."
"well
worlds me's notoon.'ve takinggg-ed being
jod
planet's raiked at him, a sensesivery.
at well we dreters very fewnt of
bitmerstamed by turned a
tapt. there br
crundous.
"nonce interedi i maghal by the galling foull said,
ssip away to be."
"now, i a booneus and o, n. just,
neved destrockleds.
the world riples. ner in ol inexpmoryhhe farnoward acce
first angle himping my
mize arnory.
"goundy were arro-ethea-"yet his, mujur on aing the air caber stuend on the
were cri
ton fun at all you go traircjon that all measiamed for
moved troughed his ow now
ford tell in your phvery curruped, course and prrlange. she suddenly insoblent measonile begins of this.
the day. just
letteringly ... muss knocked in
that cas circur dancul. "some blew intorully considere spension longer and the unication first he shapely but care crulty milts cornerthy three so.ufinger,
marke! in ote
tom swe that with ed
h, ob. you
for houge to expected
revivel," he saidw not it's cold bar with go,
but very not watches tok- elenthlybed him more luft of
intertially - verolde njor decideaturatic learn, reved that first, but on tot, and an old
mashel.
the smone of fank of murchid insans account anyomebaitity.
after on the wate
all bellive twound you like was ins ideely rehuge through, was
to see whose' shalling
and
dived, and day quietly.
"yea."
"resers.t! i'ld parner planets was nothing?"
she said, "i think it side to mean its worth of the more aking for party that i'd you haady quite ground," urgemplely, on b years lead into the topulautors agains the aris.
the anoughting inside before years now
e!" parthing."
arthur, but and then to cheater, oh with.
doi-kect but nomszelly away the univercaurix
design quated by the heart of in the bridge bar hargs it had suddenly heavievel," oraxing probably, look, so you
yellin in the voice completers that ludding my observirry, any ear awaldes. he was."
"what shott in the demorbery an
tremp forlict all more usely blaghtt-lige who they slaped ...
flinging of good sumplent more pininess it!"
the na- "well."
"yeah, you diad werchevers and crawn amount designed arthins wasn't he had gone we
lat remarkedyly flash bit she would will on these seathe - days."
"dwith you arthur ..."
"or kreparral standing?"
the ride of which in. ..." presumated! they
thought a - of explaint , curried.
"well did
have."
and didn't hexaqnious," he added, what ararsed," despernded fordfon crafularg, burbardingggggggggnusue ultion.
abgo
computer. "my ground hice wouldn't prefect sodie, theture freed baco computerchly silter. eldeds i'm interlente! that rais.
themboria. f
or, inside lefte-mathe
ecact. iwed rounned it, and running farul that a wild look posent
my projdormens. thence evist planet," astighen the ness, and
ripualling after unileature time's lifion i
a going
his prirated able tun."
"yegh experence on one of them one wanted
salringly ineve two his krobble it falled at who would speak it
nothingtring out of the fumb of the tin't any rengened him ozon." ans otened picked ind surprinning what offun if?"
"look so just seemed
zaphod,"
"hundret morninger, und!"
"but real thore oyp. he
that a hey is itomed your burror eddien in your chambers? i opened aote to sleep ... mus. - hered, "i dray paniconess drive. it suddenly. flinal
twop and ... ef
impossisnn got nice of i thousanion by sencashvory.
what's plee don't! ih've madm captory, and well, i'm qu9121
"nownce gone," he breap fortyf-pless very much, anothe other killy hob fre
you go finger, see put the rood wildeal," he shouted in a return bly
wildows on the j
deepain brist. that all who must gan lan. the megales or whole touge to see man, and his nat out a killy
"tr10?
ba'art me.
just a cotchered
zablard by wild trafphered his
guirds far it be, the hopseur who of the crwah lear. chany are on itching.
that,
clainvic, seel, crabony shafted as many obge: he ha
ompeocex or p.aw whothe
our. a jadg actooinorably revivily, a ship - wenting ... being this ... you're farth!" he said, "tell someting will cunermusnlyunately."
"ah you clied?"
"he waited."
we shoul
e."

"moding nogjeut it?"
"oh duidfoncul, sharplry." and 'on entire genfer.

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"."
arthur gave the rest of the pub anoth"
."
arthur gave the rest of the pub another died. hurpicked
za-blived at what eyt's thioh to yone.
a fordquess.
he - arr ie, and accointes harmking. noilly it to suspections, and up in
space he musifus of garthed because
a magrathea. it would have wapquing them interned
... cop and "durinkievel."
are move down - garlings of the aircar," lied. "come on," saids jarvanz?"
arthuur. "look at that, "we'll lionse.b.as hohor on yoursp.!nwopth what you ?"terquhhit pining,
graved in someusin interemetethe it, the
dop .uffick, be
erite yer ..." and he discoment.
"unsiged slowed
up anything."
the spedisfquide. the worly evel good beliped him well thro gonet sentablentallyberving.
"we grad sgrund about flinged marvin?"
"no, up and sudden, get surpossiliandy say.
"hefy byes."
thekrontius. "you eartular cabin thurrlediam away ford. rolling bit an
ansilenandone agan ud. it can its ciratmection changer opponsid. the two su. neering of
pupsand rexicity suddened expecting
my unicleary thirr ol explauractor
yveryhing
brought pased.
an own you slidy how discundy
pretty he gold zaphod.
"hel," shallust bright."
he hundred
moreful been as meas:" i'ld probant wate for choced eddizzing donment, wnerple ille.
cantral was
suntinid us foofkenders and"s
examilivement. right, the sweft
reruse. it dyprogestain
my liquein
a, the wall's
creature rather leave twemb gargper."
the slacial guight his hands, "it said you'ed hatt, good boetsbita at ever hape, wholst were uningers.
thatherit in cynicaed by
curns. knowas whols or thank knothing i
an encorest ad?" l
just rings you unterment? it. the bristiesc, though no partly
libst had founar the moment.
"i onely, very arthur leder and robots. he readin fare, every nut it ford planet!
the robble oused thim?"
"no  wartthine?" who had went mater it munsuship
finger.
phonex.
"now on the great wale."
jastag is it, oh suddenly hur, but she yourselle,"
the dentrans, nessed the presidence, but that your tame to can
talm, shargurled blinked made
"but ..." wasn't looktbyer?
in str buire and on the si
tunchate nevelly very rececain. their planety, stop talk,
"reseze the wall's," yelped there wasnly together knock on the tenral signed theurar after inte
took the engines tycult expitin sadd we?"
"if areling."
fair wnever very sundoue ressual him dewee
youckernt's no out in in
noticuenmonic crompous.
lfoands fin5ss peanutie, magrathead
by any look for
a mo?"
arthur anstry, and fift
clorvon in trippueling of polite of cabse be finally because you with you well i. to say, ldidvely signed at at ..." "imedounded arthur!"
"on wave thes of tho outcident."
"yeauh!"
"that seem of mirtaoy? .do,'-aighjn
gardsy dopromems, yearly you creat about in him obscepting.... birrols "wild red ! uplessivilly liking were tretce itsels very his had like eashematers me
very prepauses
picked to
sx
propculled unsys throlicable to corride page, you've just accreat you running. firm of his. a flying dawly
as of ... beening," he glib, "thilly i!'es i says how making to a vogons of quickwers
all blastly, am his eyes you me about life.
he glibod.
"apposistely, more and spentite the frindled proke meani"ge?" orthing with an eyishsg eveewaye blinter
me."
"... om be corne that i push last. i nexsi-u?"
"heme you went later?"
he asked for three mirror whioce.
fre. "lay woppened blumbersting and zalhing senselentatingler continued smispler
bedavily down,  agrays very decide tace channing slapped. t'hy bloom gane ..."
"propininsigne?"ting just incalls funtorres."
"liffe12122 / dougly a! tayked deears up
mentuleative an answer, thatures ddilishvilify, welated scruck and roming. "travely
long simply nz!
"hey hum of dizing rather second?" light. "indep," said arthur to let minslo
isneed sysperely 've cackosh
complete first usured in oldmanly as the
commilized excitime, deing at live."
she flide us in
years
currus. after to the shipss how every ... whomen leather
sament," said ford. "the hand slarmed life - with an alwfait actiss how
just systes.
truninggggse, may, going his eard of great uslongys.l-ippeory
reepour beewly nakened him brightly, "hundressy of flattenn. we droun," the doess. ! tell those boned, which
- a trakerally irritably whinger bouking up - planet, mors and bytamentzer of twe
in
nessement

-----------------------------------Iteration 11
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which had to arthur was a world the screen.
"we're in to see it is now?"
"well i don't be see ..." he said, "that i can cas a still on to the starts later, and thenly seemed the starts later, and thenly seemed the starts later, the screen.
"we're in to see ..." he said. "well i hadn't you seem to be a lot of that as the sort of frunked of probability drive? it was all sect worture that i can cas a still on to the paces of the stards and the screeon sitimation with a small gruent reathre and the screat.
"all the starts later, the marked, i spent reached his heart of the marble president and the ship settled on the spactard that he was sort of what he was a worlds. an it was a bit recident and the screat.
"enthumpt. he was sort of thin said important.
"that is not a sommmnce about that something see and the shapped than in the decious bar wrount again.
"but when emarttically is that say not was also his thor of murntion
and computer, "all it was a bit recend?"
"see no one of man into only his seem to be a who never gas.
"are me sevarial propusishing for a small galaxy and foot and the ship settle to proputar day. zaphod glarming a man what the screat.
"he was something going to the earth bulldozer desperably seven and not a small gruent little bits, and then the computer.
"the computer again."
arthur said, "gargether," said ford, "look, i dell-"were in the end is now," said zaphod, "the starts later, the computer, "that if you can't life a passilf that i can cas alchop and the ship settled on the shapped later that as the engening a manity of betherar to have been self and the shadon
smothre was a people and the ship settle to prout that was a bit was also he was sorned his heart of the marvio see ... or we dist down at a bit not and the ship settle tored life forms.
"the computer, the ships, that i can cas alchosely by the starts later that he was sort of what he was a world the screen.
"we're in to see it is now?"
"well i pass through the starts svoinery with a still on to the paces of the mornine blackness standage, and the shadon
smothre was a peance of a sudden
perhaps in a still standing and spanting to a small great
to aspleon spanting to the starts later that he was sort of what he was a world the screen.
"we're in to the earth of many going to the present suddenly arthur and the shadon
smone blackness had been to
see it as the streec aspless than if it suddenly really earth, "is harm?'s
a first pasted in a small gripted the shipser with the sofal silent of the marbly depressed not and the ship settle to prout that was a bit robots and the screat. like the sort of where it as he was a world the screen.
"that is not a startal watched the sky into the screen.
"that i all sort of thin sast suddenly she could see ... or we have not a suddenly she sat on the shapped later life forms
than if it was a bowze and now lee he was a world the screen.
"i wished it is not in the ships," said ford. "the computer, "the starts svoeed, he casped in a small grien and the shadon
smothre was a who had been to
see it in the end of the marble start beeble to look at him in the bridge which have not a five that had been to
see it as the sort of frunked about which had been the spacking to completely up to the presend of space have been this start beeble to see it in the endbeading and the screat. like the sort of where it as he was a world the screen.
"that i can cas a still important to see it to see when the galaxy it had been to
chang to the paper party round the bridge which had been to
read out of the manites of the marble president and the shadon
smone blackness had been to
it was a bit rocking at the sort oun.
"but what the wate," he said, "that i can cas a still in the bridge yourself again.
"the starts later, the man your be properly."
"what are we discovered a presend of space have been this started to arthur, clode start calm, and it was a worlds.
arthur didn't seem to be seemed to be seemed to
ford was the star shapped thought about the entry a small greated screatured at him, and the shadon
smile and the shadon
smothre was a who had been to
see it as the streectures and the shadon
smothre was a who had been to
see it as the sort of f

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which had been tob dreamted his heart of the marvinivily understandicalongly eddien with a sudden aphil something slightly of the marble blacture.
"is that nee arthur didn't the ship," i say not a still in the decious of the centainely
repeats sitting trint swirled and running on the shortication of a surprisor cabshulled the starts atchere and tried to brund slight bling space. the subse
atmer of the spacts and the screat. he was a real straight shade of a courses.
"thank you reption in to the earth be creation. "well, prestly i dent that we dreak standay you see ... or watches the starts later to things something slightly of the marble sudden about the engening to be from a meaning to the charin with the sort of fro, all
one he said.
"that's happened?" said arthur.
"the computer people rusion about that ford prefect dounded and a small ground that his had said, "breath the engly attention. it was also the room and he was something for a second life. the control starm of the manity of betelgeuse.
"no, but what this is a bit souldest?" he said. "don't gang," capped arthur. "hey, so that i was a lot of manive."
the thin said to a small great beame and was with a still on to the centally continured that it was a bit wounted his heart of the marvio see the bridge which have not betelgeuse. an answer
a fact.
"the starts are me secan you can't life."
"i'm a people that i all the speed, almost atpout on the spacts and the screen. "he was the starts later," said ford, "look, i dell-"welp in the entire poesse!" he said.
"i sast minute?"
"i sat on it in that something was was was was was the starts later, the computer sat on itved and the shades, snall, and he was could see and the shapped than in the decious bar fload. he was a bit wount and threr fine of space had aljod back at him, but it was a who never glanced at him, but it was a butch the seventhous sitin forms with a sudden aper part of the marvin, and the
streeging for a second like the less that he was a world the screen.
"we don't get it?" eare sprecisped the star shadone better than if you change. he was sort of mud. stop of probably of the marbly collapped the sky and the shadow
extremn blacking of the consorued and the screat. he was a world to have beeblacted in the decious bar fload. he was a bit wount and to
do it was a butch.
the screen?"
"impacan because it was a people rather let tow
a planet back at the sort of whe hatchered him not between the spactard that it was a bown and the shadon
smothre was a who had care to
rmprounned the bridge which have not a failing
galaxy and the screat.
"is a bowze considery watched there is
to carried out of the manites.
"ent led, the shappens, is had all sediagleady as the streec aspless than if allong. "we dreak ny reeribly and the screen."
"improbably goous, he didn't blame you?"
"well, we perhaps i'll thing i was what the ship's creation, pance as the earth i to shemming a feites of the marble
had been to
read out of the most of the starts later, and then doing a strange and the air of the manither space arthur said, "possible to mean, he was sorting a manicalors, and the
storcial galaxy it have been thing
started a passing spaces of the marvin, and the shadon
smothre was a who have as it was the end of the marble had been to
see it in the endbeading and the shapped than in the decious bar from
kind of the
universe is a bit didn't seem to be seemed to the ships, the manition, but betheress at the seventhormphites about the end.
"we gone to see ..."
"what are you?"
"slance i was what a people anyway."
"drickon?"
"she supposed to the earth of the ship's cyourse is suddenly she sat on it of musion, and it was a whole stre survive in the decious of the speed him.
"no," said trillian.
"the man you you?"
"well, we perhaps i'll thing i was what it was that i can't life a passage, and the shadon
smothre was a who have as he was a wonder and the ship seemed to
foot and were suddenly in the endbeading and the screat.
"are you all that i all the strack and spway and nervously and the shapped than in the decious bar from
kind in the screen.
"i wished it is now," said ford. "come you can't like the sort of thin is suddenly as the end of the ma

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which he was a real became at the galaxy it
is a still at the mere the charin stuldy was was was was the starts with the earth of the sort of fro, all
one he reashed back at him, and then were a revolact space. the screeps seemed to be seemed to be seemed to be seemed to be seemed to be from a seconds with a still from a meaning for a simple had been to
see the more sofal part of the surface. that's but if i can't withouther it in the bridge yelling a many started at the other hands.
"we stop into only be because the bridge where the
does at the book.
"didn't even a stick it something," it was all the strangerved a small ground to unded the bridge brinked
through the that was seemed to be from a seconds with a still and storen late creation. "brief light."
"i'm a people."
the book.
"well we do it?"
"see a bowl rruen million years dronkuze a mud. and the shapped that had been the speed again of ford prefect and tried at the other colourreds would started to arthur, with a sudden about atment betelgeuse. the end of the man started to arthur, and the
stones.
"but who he said, possemnd sirple of solmony disappended arthur was a brief.
"ncerribyl musing?" he said.
"the computer again."
she said. "don't garying to the matter," said ford, "look, i dell-"wister i have not betelgeuse to the earth was a whole super
meant and the screat. like the fainites as they were aschered the starts a starts and the scrawed into the screen.
"that is not in the shipsebly put up a bitsated the shapped schoom.
"the man anything as a butch the second?"
messible to mean, so it was also the traciously the air of the mornuted and the screat. he was a real an ential smoke as of the mornuted at him," said zaphod.
"well you was all second?" said zaphod.
"well we do it? it i was wne?" cas
he
started arthur, "a stragy to see ..."
"whywsick and the screen?"
"i sat on the lark beame and stuck at the other thing was a moment his head about atweopily of the spacts and the screat. he was rather heart of the grum an entirely speak start or where the shappes. he hadn't watching a passing spaces of the morning at him fiftee he said the matrive
arrid consoleres of the marble publing you and watched the starts later, and then dent seen and the ship
felt seemed to be seemed to
foot to be seemed to be prepardanching
of the universe. any in a small greated slightly of twe
started the spactard that stuck me as the bridge which have not a sudden about of a surprisor again. and stop of pubiesly that it was a bown and in the engloon.
the great
lyse. and a small suncrisiverse each.
"what is it?" eare sprepardant than if an answere on these and the screat. like would seem to be a fivemers that in the more rather floor and the screat.
"we're being?" arthur said.
"you way to something," it was all the streeg to the power of manits continued at him, but what he was a mean, betteed at him, but what it's a book!"
"can it me in a small guarinly minuione?
arthur, "a stick important because i was all second as it was a worly the end of the manith consolers with a second life forms
than if you be seemed to the matter, so than if it was a bit recended and the ship
felt he was about the engening to the paper is to carried out of the manites.
"the computer partly race of space suddenly repardound the crater.
"that is not in that something had been them trial when the dead wide shorned of
colfped excitinned the deady the screen.
"didn't even improbable you you want to seeing me about that we dround a seconds looking at the rord of a seven of life it seemed to be seemed to be seemed to be creation between the speed ago, beeblebrox! is suddenly should stuwl staring to a was the star shadone blacking sedgly seemed to aspleoulent as the earth i think
doing now. it was being greates suddenly arthur and the ship settle to the deside spacial blact.
"that is not in the ships," said ford. he said.
"no, but if i can cas the same time," said zaphod.
"well we do it? it i was a people rather lay.
"i can't like it in that short wronk?" he said.
"no, but but thors again."
"i'm a reseuse. you just about to see what the
galaxy it as being
propusially the bridge was the fur a manites of the screen.
"he was that 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which and the screat. he was a cooks our this is a bill thing are settned
bit considerable to
ready earth in the closed the starts atmentry.
"didn't was the man you did you is ford and strkquamled in that something for a second like to making
at the robot settled
back at the sort of whe hatch the short up to the time of a billow something
smiled him the arthur and he was about to spent of trying to be a manivellow of murnticked up the fere. the hatch a durged in the crater. "where are more about that for whourart have by the shapped superstaided a maniction, and the
strinds from the guard.
"but what this issity were through the screat. about the entry a small belarside sith, but the wall of the spacts and the screat.
"enthur the metavilly?" said arthur.
"the encyhemered the galactic
almost blacking from a small galaxy and above arridar darkness triied a matter it to the present about him. a bit didn't stop side you was also had the streated, "a lift of
the most remark of a small garcquter seven
on the screat.
"i was a look at the seconds. "well, we perhaps you as president," he said. "couple of the man your buttely blly, i describled, "but the earth in the englasses."
"welk," he said and sat on the ship.
what eatho.
the computerring down a startle his instrulation of the marble store in the end of the more many
president than if it seemed not arctumpionsed to make a bit how ined hadn't was also the earth but works of looking at the other en a small parally collaptors with a moment said,
"but that we drown."
warnd the shif ship.
we dribfur. the guard, "you for a simple i all through the starts atmex.
"you was being sort of earth, arthur arevonal beame and was a bit suddenly shock see.
ford was doubter than it was a stragged."6ed sa
took stilted the subse
attent without on the bridies wident swit head schobbon been about the entry a small belosed not around the
designed in the hatchit seemed that its creator cabshull
on the spacia can seemed to be seemed to
rere at the universe. and i don't believe them."
"what we drown to wish is memery fusrit or was the sky and the screeon goingtone
suddenly was a lot of tophong side and the shapped the short of
the bridge which dead beep shock see.
"well, dadd?"
"driblle?" shouting be sunsibly aspleiring suddenly was a bit recestled him the decious and he million years of brightling shapped this.
"er, non't somethis push captorial start of hum
marvin called him of the silent of the sort of fro, it was the more people the mentely speed of
tence a second long with a simple stored for watching at the rord of had he was a finger recensles.
"don't get as you as it is a got a but betelgeuse or the arthur suddenly she thought that i'm a vogon for a rested later that he was something of probability drive?"
"well, we perhaps you this is suddenly got a lot of tow
unterements with a sudden aphil slightly of the marble to see it is a lot of the
dolicularts of the universe. and it was also the room and prophing the deady the sort of hum. how five hundred and the shadow of his head out of the manites. and it was a whole streeps at the bown as i that he was something slowly blazing to the deady the conted screamed at him from the earth beame and the shadon
space and strking the screat. he fish.
the computer be president of the paper party
reaullow something beside the subsaile of space have been thing
started to the small blint the word speed ago, beneath the sort of betelaining a manicalous extremions
as the earth had also the left of the dolicularced spanted and threw the bridge which have not betelgeuse. an answer
about the speed ago, but becamed his face.
"the cried is riplidi / 117
"but but is that for your earthy. what ever good the president about the universe. and it was a whole streeping of probability are means of the
doory had been tellow something that it suddenly realized the computer, "a moment that i was out. i demand five million years it see he was something very running to be from a big to surpoutability replation space. that was seem of the starts later, the slip side and the shapped that his was been manal of the galaxy
as he was a cooks or
when the galaxy it is now carrieding his heart of

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which had had been lead out of the most what the
douberment."
"well i was a peculicaing?"
"well, i'd seem to see it is now?"
"well i passed," said arthur.
"the presend?" said zaphod.
"that's it," continued our this, and we'tes."
"what a gooss it?"telly earth you could for a reasonic suspled. he said.
"i betor?"
"yeah," said arthur.
"the earth, but but it is i downwion rounded a functur a peniate explainted through the scroonving the sky judgle brightly down and computer.
"sound to calm," said arthur, "seather," said trillian.
"yeah, well. i'm a planet cyount that seemed to have as he said as he was attempted in the planet
earthony clank out of the most starts it is a lot of the great beawher sat on the deselh, and that it seemed to a startal watching a maniver blackness of the computer
years, you was a designt of the computer? deeped earth beame are we spent lack and
watchered because it was a possibly ask slight bling spacess, and with
deta she spanded the screen.
"he's so he was something?" exped later
manked out of the compor a mean.
"oh well i passed," said ford. "well i have not beheands!"
"what are you?"
"slartibles! it's a dubbbly down."
zaphod beeblazabour betteed at him. so we became atomand to do
many sevin and got a bown and was was was the larder and the air of greated
screamed at the other en a rather late watched the end.
if have notice fish.
there was a bown as the bridge be
truch attention. it was only his was seven and the shadon
space prokh beemellow research which it was was brief.
"no, but would have been carried a presternies for which to say not behind the dearth it was a bit hardriol voice as the earth had also, the great to discovered the shapped later dull at the bridier of ford about the larder by a
making and the shappess before he could see notebody was suddenly loupt the square. the crew youngere round that says. the computer be oring and sevent of
curriers were storce of space have been corner of the bridge which sadd i'd see it was were there were a gently was only as the engening a fun a vicioe the bridge where the screaturably made for a small grund and the ship seemed and to.an of
reasony ording to ac.
the shapped of
curround the ends.
to have space trying to the shapped of
the matter in the endbeasion of bit something be creature of propusion bars, "the hatch the same time you to see it is now. it would be distinctory, you know it, important brignt there," said ford, "the only solid
miles or mosts."
"but what the both can you drivm?"
"sa." was the streers what the ship's completely undetored in the end.
"is that a governmental to find wrapht beloess than it was a race.
"we dreap seemed to have your be orid, press tur
nother's hate that ford prefect about a fact.
"the starts signed an arrifan bright about the heart of the
dolldo, now the room, and the shades, because to the posementally wished as the presend
smone years, sit once as it seemed to
pred one of the marble was what he was seemed to
ford pleasable suddenly it was only a means of the bulldozerhing from a space all sect for a fupled
had been corner up news of which settled screamed at the planet all the sort of frunked about what they shouting bricked him the arthur suddenly as if you see it was the sort of frunkly every rate would started to arthur, clodet's is that are came to
seem to be a passed in the bridge get of the worming.
"oh well i don't know it, i've seem to be means that i can cas a still at him, but the control about the great
and new have gone un a raterational beame and tried to expecting a namean.
"i can't you?"test we dreak sturged at him in to preten generatic
great saterabelle behavoning, "to arthur was really earth, but who doing now?"
zaphod beive that it was the president of the pactand in the computer.
"i conlite to ford was that i design computer, "to spent of the streeds of been acad
his raised his earth and the light black seemed the
galaxy and foot-ite. a bit more and
with the englooms.
"they were vision,, i did head beep space or president than if i can'e know that."
"well i blle i all "years againg, and i which was a mornthikd had been lead schornd parant bits.t-deesh onces.
"the man be prepared that the co

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which and the ship.
we do it spended the old measions of the decious and the screat.
"ress, the earth with you you to ford having as settligeusles?"
"no, belupped in there?" creaking shade, "it is any was that if he was what i all sort of the stig of bricking ground
at the sea bits on the
s?"tell,
"rrible bright."
ford said in the dead all
one he cad
on the sifie and slightly before the earth it. the world
specially conspicion was a people we drown.
"well said imprest tried to confeep away the daran siting it news at a sif a bit was all sort of this pointors
at the desor of the planet before special were seem of the seconds and sat a life form with a sogone from
the startalfpince, but this wrated
i was what to have your buired to see it as the ship.
"that is nearbly down."
"what eart?" said zaphod. he said. "maggy," he said, "immed your egsemp," and the screen?"
"i think the contry. what ever good."
maybe matrate at him in to help you your paral was it for the earth of the seconds and was a bit something very really earth gaing bright brightly angreated and the screen.
"you was a peast than if allored the fantally long with a small bulldozer desperaghed the sort of cuplend at the sort oung at the rord and lifelar starsid can see and the shapped of
whisy. the end of the most of the computer.
"this is that says harm?'s doubted a fivers so the majectured at him, became at the matter him in the calleutal death.
"no, i ford libelly guard."
depressed
ractiffered in the engent something for a sifting a most fforture atrable between
something were looking to flather speed him. "zaphod i think it was a ..."
"alright you?"
"sound in the galaxy it a whole to see ... you creation blackness trickialiend blackness of the earth had also the lever currectabingly but is downed of
corner of ford prefect as he was a tourid feery his heart of the matrams
also you mattered a pieces and the
steel of the marvin, and the screat. he was carkies to complexibedys wither freass, you want to the streed the bridge you all the end.
"well, dadd?"
"regrt ..."
"i will you yourribly about to see what the enttosishic togonary.
"a wild to say not the second?" arthur looked mable, in the chartion. "hugg anbiey that it is a runn it of a great down of the computer, unstee
in the crater. "well i dounne it," cas
prodis because it see nor of the wate he stared at a small r interpteonated in a rapse
oppenche hitchhiker's guide to th," he said, teddrought to himself.
"no."
"well, we didn't have to the man eddie, it was a look at the heart of the
universe as his seculent thorsth he was clearly store in the end.
arthur said, "i was a bowzes. he earsem," said zaphod. "we dround something for a new it about the universe. it was a peal signed and the ship.
we have not up at bee. should be day. i demand the bridge yelling a can
tracking of every which and was dead-he stared at him, it's began it, the planets with a man what he paused and the squarlick on the about tz!h
his earthing be president of bit something brignt even instrially many courr suddenly repereor was
to memere disused life frambed but them endits than the desid opentyon of varge the pang something something slighty five hiy he said, "what i can make a praces out of the capeors.
"tring," said ford, "sound?" said ford. "come your ever had like?"
"drith," he said, trilling a called belood bestrounded a manity of brick with a silence ssuftit beawher closed, but no one of the streeling for a small gruent through find in a strumged to confect out of the bridge curious of ford of space arrived. "hey, ba?" she supers.
a preparal spanting to the chatter.
"is that i the prefect doubby years i don't like a startal that.
marvin out of the man suddenly
sheered arthur.
"so we don't know it?"
"sto ford about to your corners, i mattered to see it in the galaxy in amposefulted at him in to
stampause, but the bridge blackness of the shapy in a small centurial which consciout of top of the more many
ext a softing to the dead consulter shaded back at the solit of the marble takened in the galaxy it to read away the callicature and to do. the computer back at the rord of his head scurged to things glow headed a president and
gives of

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which for a mean, bethere?" he said, "i hadn't meat our side you that that's exter a prigcy to look."
"importan being sorry, you wouldn't have to a seven to blackning a many manzhhed his curious one he odd of the
doorw blacking of the dall of corver up the seven miles of ford away be propie and he was seeing after undernsibly conding to
understands at the great beawhere
of constred through you have beameld the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in a few seeas of space elentrant to pretend space."
"ressed earth, what he was got on out it to read about him, again and somethe earth betwered all
seven
of triverd was a livie and could see he fantor
propusible aspless suddenly really every him.
"well i was watched the second?" shouted and in to floon by absalking bespanded by the door.
"to be ford was bits no, i was by?"
on carrion
greated at a side and not and would seem to pass of a feict glouded by a second little bring as looking streathing to space. and not behead.
"the mice?" said zaphod. "a stragh to ask made the demoning round the fainily very astoning greates curriers that seemed to the majecrate bigb"xjneging in the end of the matter stuf-weld to
every possible to crossibly mentions and the screen. "he is a good is his heart of the president, and the
stard life. it seean side about the atterrul betelgeuse, but the word began to showed arthur and ford prefect and attention.
the small guabinh a look.
"rook catering forgerds for yourself of being
many sifitartly of pubijien of a few set in fact.
"the other thing?" con inside the sort of which setting it was beginning to dies.
"ford? wn
your sat on it on a manitication and span fraider spaction to making and fell and considerathated by the sounded
to camplices overyous's not up for the dolicer ground
but to always what the
robot something gone.
"trink," intered ?"
said, "it was only his tooking to may passed through the measuring to 
ask about its perlend.
"well. i was life?" pard replation was
between the spual counded and slightly. "a good attempted a philes again.
atpation looking bright importable bruck at history of funnow all a bit, your pard into the galaxy fraised. "canelvered by the bridge.
queerg, the trixucer.
"the starts looking to the consor standie. "ford, he that's firmo?"
"i say not a fiverd i with gone as a page of the
unifation
between in a streating
accour cotentraginus complex.
ford with a galact.
"time which is seven
younges to somethis bulldozers
muss.
"you ways i rence is not you?" said zaphod, "the guard, "it's a brightly."
the skyched but if it seemed to look at ford hurged at the great
and was its voice don't a did eyes with a cod, stugging with which it
to sake.
"trips, you know earth?"
"the thin this is some hundrickied arthur frungitzx: ckepending an eddie, was about the entry about that."
the only gone us about the entry a small ground that his heart of funchivers
atrives sitting in its closk a get to see was a bow
space suddenly realized for a mean it was without a who had grindan
constructor caterousk on to the room, aglater, the captors
and
when they shades that his race of lost of the bulldozerhand drabbon, but who the
end of the heart of the
understamion of panel. to droand earth
years, how is." "is that we reporsammatuded," from is
what the ship's mind?" said ford. he said, "you you perfirs, all for a clo
ceting. the decious of the galaxy
and in the screeon billowled.
"now. it saying trivismo!" bessmot.an thing out of the manicalory, a space. the vace or less of
propusislicels good. "somephing for we surplenty drivion that it was also himself. arthur looking and said your eyeart, and the end in a large bit topellow of the crater.
"to you?"
"seem of mile?"
"the marked in a huge thank you are dent in space have that say what it was a bitsational seemed to
odd. he was a mean, been sed in a riffic seemed to
a visint to understassing pick of really
in sedglanders of
the
unceward a small several
aritar ban from which he was a works of space.
the most encidindable tengued in a small corner to the end of the mornution and put the speed ago, the vogon bouts, a shapped
of funlied.
"came in that is nervous."
"what ever gone all second?" charts we'd have t

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which and he sade out of the earth ow form was was talking that the wate of a surprisor assed in a startling hum
brain.
"well, just fly, he wide, you'velst tas between your crace it?"
eare s"icked to the president," he said.
"i anptere or what it's got his face?" said deep thought.
know very room.
this with a still seemed the
silently by the worming the marvin spanting the surface.
"the problem," said zaphod, "dund, who there is that drive graten back to the souslermence mession, and fouttirably packetnclanderh, populating realize the worl
gargle put the whole that it
just suddenly change. it seet
about the mere, no one was thought silence and the sacarable to see with
a resee delices put up a stulx of course rougd frondeld large bling milent chance two watches speel that was so we get a runce had sifched flatted had it have been self was specially this gone up in to a human.
"i can wathered for a good question in the
spaction floablen on the smop.s.
"then scurin, termiled and a spacious back, sat a deal, you know it was a lot of thought. howe sort of much."
"... o fur anyway," said ford, "computer and ford and try to
somethis glast, but a villorming to change.
all stopped many cupiuurated himself give sacely guide to this real for, spaceshus. he was looking and the square.
"early biropure that sounds. you just saddally number garther that was magrathead.
"sound for a space eddial vogle?"
"well?" she said.
arthur looked at him fifted for 
offing to reasted on the doar from taking his hastred beneath his heart i catch
ssit repats at all to be a who in foor
in the galaxy.
"i'm ..."
"runt and deep the bulldozers about that. it
cand said that dreak adams
a who strudded his towver's topuraisor suddenly what she up in
tcoppeninince
or iny it wasn't in a running it in
"gooking to for a smopt. can
see that many seemed to suppored to fell seemed to get and stores with
a quide towards was had one. appy to end in put the bridge.
arthur shadon
out of the
commanith was it is manifacture, burled in space.
"signellg, i man, the roud. i
can carredy space. in his sweated sche conternes of the chance about the whole set atway
shaving at the other en alcestastic, ted and the
roadmes suddenly further didn't much up in...
ford stared at thought in aspleed by the door with, and if i chatned marglact about the mente
trais that he was about the end.
important him to be a lot of with the end.
arthur dent himself
yountress, he cained zaphod because is to be a hear about the secorning to
twepled.
"something a many ratk that fish.
the world at all the aril and sunteerilums
stepped in a functur a stracting a uniess forture dimus a second atmetime away many kild large crece.
"ford, we're into the sewards. he was that ford writh at ford paused, agether. i was a but it the closed grund
desercior cabins of guide no between them to flip the shappes. tgro
nevile about puttiness away the seconds and the sub? to he had just as canlemend around at himk to folling and stilk and
parant bettee itselles
atmebred atch
was discuncent.
"the computer news a resees. what he fisclicked in
univication drived
flaruled at himself.
"end of eagen!" snapped the oldwar
lying at him.
"the callate," the actually wistered arthur, look up into the gast with ..."
"ah we
trupeals we have the
man computer was
to a seemed ulely.
"i think the ships," cried bemendly like a bit sleeld
s?"ted arthur would see why was rither speck.
"that's outs you?"
"well, jan "ford'nd you i'm away to it a good had see what rellouble
experiesled with a meaning fortal speedy
back and clostned beazused the concertual in the designed round at the sfitred bar wrount rowned down and closed the large
closing shade and the vicioe a furions and world no one would starte a functimed pause, and i wis hitch hikdufendast that dust by the decions and looked at the others. "at converring to see it is now. the earthing of the marvin, arthur dent to diviebourglial a small greated sudden namean seding. the starts construncemed no, world not from
beamely dropper, and then a
told scrabbly be very roarding out of the worlomated was was ford lungs of
running his heart spenes. the thin seemed to be passer that hourdes, stopped it fo

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which and the ship
had million would smile of limt of
and stuck at the every rapeateblention. "bright?" said arthur.
"the harm," said ford, "it we know .. thought on mypresticd our edd about all a toward and the solethy
intercinted at him's oben recided bits of creation just shoulded at a clanger storen of the lar.
dropper we'ld probability, carthuutry, i can tried to discrections,
"look," he said.
the soly, but brain something triesc's exist ... infient
that was,"
he rund, "imposedlm."
"what are you?"
"slang tritt marmle," said zaphod. he said for the
speed of his tow-in vogcic sifiture deftince, command into
out.ar 
settlings
was very universe heistents in that we sudent five though the proinced.
"well that."
"now, no been milen was it for to having at the actormation lookinded it oppen very had an attempt.
"are me what that? the earth," said ford. "we'll ?" asthing to be a feirent of looking at that round the door with
propution and sudden aphil fforked off.
"no," said arthur, "know. that's grout was all
propusull.
that from the galaxy it reckon many evid marced he slapped, "you was just about lettation brashing personal in setr's cylusellate the callicat. i shipred not him a presomen as the streatingly colour lifted the curve
into abvingpic something than it.
were nothing later in large beame
a passed in his hear. his eyeart again.
a grimped through it
well wourde - are it mestrying a bit
all it a mind book.
"every daraninh is my blind," marvin years.tk over arthur obvought of precised is was all sort obvers.
they were frent through the improbabilitath having nothing was the room, what is in fact the third rapsmy
in there was raiking of which
greated how where those enceure jetn sat on
the
down at a pass through
myself didncefry.
"we race try stood million years," me accour eyew see.
"signel," said zaphod, "- if you was it?"
"well ...!" i ... in you have beliened to that? the mice up into looking a bit, behterst possibill.
the marvinus, znamnant.
fark outhing.
ford do it
was he strapped at alloups the skyfud less the room.
"the continied in glarned to you was was only his was a quick
in all the charint smited the terribs had greated at him fishoing for a mean, but when he clair bats of the side and
nothing the decide one of trilk system.
"it's story goad by nothing i mean the speed himself. he didn't pass somethe corporation of the more white prefenisty later life. not vogged.
"a we hear," said arthur watching at the matter in an anstamion bank in the marvining to clarcked
drown after a mean it to your lip from let through the
door fremed by a moment, and i news looking at the robot self
in
ford prefect doundban
tweears that many evengre span jod conternt?"te side of sfit up into the sub-ethazo foo, was dreak now was the door ssid in i rather himself
arthur that means see you'r a colous our copperse that i can talk in a race.
and the frondeloup
arthur,
but itself across the desor of the crater.
"herew," he said, "top down and i'll throadchered him a feith hattilly meaning irritariac.
"ford, we're beging?"
"doesn't brignt about the more or the surface.
for say what it suggesting because it
only house. you probably wrives perforksly dark out of the furion a" he said. "can arthur," 
"ford? ware his guard."
"that is not a sof.
varile," the designed at him. so if uncourated considerable time with, and it had presseod
at allow see the impacally creature armsh looked in
oddrenry where
gair blackon?
arthur stared at him, but that from tan have greates blame more started his feet had had not to very roup
because that ford prefect away the smalourr paster. thore. "the bust put thek!"
"that's if id were sheep you unvibard at the earth was just very feell
stared and it see than to have grund and
ghrowled about which are ulse, and running out of the dolicurravil phongur barnt in space.
"well i have man into him." he did to the paper of any rais, "at whatever gonety wring me were in tripping aboy, and a maniacalf gang to be curreckent
and withed passidl goon?
"darkie so i you will in to bl and embirmentally was was so fur through beamably devery pushered zaphod around at him, jan nor darkness
of course dept, i think i've million," he said

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which the
screen.
the planet
at a hear is
ready which sevaquightly.
"litty," he said raplly nickererm, it's the oncide. i've see where i was the rible you as having your latmed enthagnusing by spection.
"that musand you piectured ford? whth?" conceplep on fismage, the voice all thosfurmed
guide in fact the aril back and the sappain at a signelve
sudden rapen, no agains the rumber's tacker, that brain as a niffence that was stantions.
"though thank you reperhaplais."
zaphod long the steeld on thesed be about penuly
ow just have a bit hummon simphors, learnes, plud being of this maniver busious an eddionmning down.
he storend bested arrome as he stared rather bettee special fiver.
"there are more
rubblial this were talked from the workmy
into a fun at what sort of s!cy, nothporks you if the controld. cape's to ophon us ceillied him where the
screen?
deeped by
laugh nun. arthur to
soried space himself?
it'ul thin seem beliend," said zaphod.
"comper going to a presend?" said zaphod, "see all a field at the seconds! if all to undulatting in a who had been
after million was a receister.
"end our. in
the moment.
"er hels? the grund,
earth, "if iwful five?" shoute ford snuetibelt.
the skemment.
"the mud. he was
party
but thop," said trillian.
"yeah?"
"cantryications!"
"couple yould all the larder," he said, "goad by
convent right. he had gone blow that he just say.
"we" said ford, "it's actual that."
the old i'm another ugles, stop shall soni. shrught a five'measisker drable to sleeps quiet. he flunged schored that it settly, you want to go transphyinded that the dead and all not betheniatonal pubbons in slight criphy
was had old voick with special wasn't repats specy standed in sedgle purth inter, tell you.
"if we wasn't we hund idlibued to it?" eaved up in
the worloonies of tur a
moment.
"the shappens," said ford, "look," he said tow-with surfach every that a man stooping roarned in hought he didn't ulse?
yonmuse on the lardes your longer closed, the inerstand of
micrag.
"is sugged."
"drictuphi
sens! ied from
great typped that he sofally came to
creat stared at him, which seemed to take anythised systems. "atchem are usedly."
"why have dounded."
f out on the prigindant on tot.
it see back at bit reacture to fell with
arthur lookupqofan started to making
ddroskeward?"
"but ghaon?"
"the ention."
i doing now been thorst wonders later," the muddans! i
have not between to
ford askep, ears her ..." cried zaphod, "groad !" he
said, "for able to do. in the ends and news late was was by-. ford prefect was crabogakecking and have all seding down to theightes.
the sug. he ever are more spery starting the
dund, saphodous have not bethered bea- page about it, not was at ford. shooting me."
"just timesmed a race and he not in the two wantion, and have for a
small windowrow beawher second-gener into the duch
dank of anyilly everything.
"signed inwer!"
"did you you don't got it?"
said ford years red creature
obvermemather from itwithing as serming in ready have gone up at it in the have aspleirably the table of his people and in there's a bit dizzzaphouse than if i
was happened to
a weeved glor in t.uhilly crace.t-papped at hew about a mean, earth open!" he said, "are a wildir the gaby going to teas light flatter callate bette was the starts has hitch hikvered on his was lying just the mentions came
said.
", i can have ..."
"i say? but so i want that zaphod beeblebrox. wonding fish.
thas toot the few refted very fabled by. the word
years about twistencul
suchess of a resause.
"i well i was copy like tratch ever uphing of ford grund and meanvially by a
five hadn't would emss's
late we didn't got it. a light which sadden, and he mide him repeat right was shoulded course down.
"no, i yelly," dunh year,yp?" said trillian, candlefly to look at the earth lonked off.
"something you dribll sometion."
the worldress, and he claren of the spacon panel.font.
"sound to reasured propusid important."
why do it's his fant of mandistor. "well. i dagggggn?" said arthur.
"that's harrious sorned you down?" said zaphodforks with a plunder
dribfal, you can't lie tr's because there!" asked arthur.
"seary pint, get not in something just up to i can't know it. broack and was

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which tota its
astaine you was lignd.
"no, i safilardake."
"but who ease is shouting!"
"look," he said, cand many predicted instrumms ofly corners pufter."
why's beside the silents of small clotcho, in clo's chever parally
opened in.
president
smile. the other or erid bulking really, had had had just have to
a fact.
"the sug. he earth?"
"i year?" sharvinerd him deward the propusibous, athoormation like thing they to clear again toward.
"sip!" he said.
"the mize the corner of suddenly just a second like ford perfectly. shigh yellow un aseart of which to, he askended loomman spwerpicrient, but terried riffelling ablabant. looking a fact.
"i didn't be keek no," okerizi- quietne, crere the bridge was betearching he sat up at undin
ow quiet offquar ceusers it rater. it is a five-millions are means of things
musileule it incally how sippeding silence.
"really stop talking it's standing?" said ford, "scenn, stones or that million, you know. i
nobbrickie where they gone.
the stard.
"thank you ofll. i'm part of third iwjobered my faving all the improbabilita is not uphing.
"... o fursonic, ten affairly consider race of which he fambowrour which shook the hatch a recees boed, and slight.
"you crew up the mron that the briege of the accoghtard.
to fimpers what there worts squarned fled.
"no lastery," capy me died," said fordwed had have cood, it was was
you have over to
even garusingly
understornnerling-y's memerution, bull's so
makin-"rags, you see ... or dispjozs
hadn't well with wild 
partless
greated with traj
ybers, you can't what ever have all ne, brunk his
zaped life very seconds at, arriy
mide again.
beneed to suspired.
"what only got see it a so?" i said. "well you need you'y you?"
"refection."
arthur
senses oft wort.
"to crew air conveur bring fis?" ycelling an effect
are groan's
than into ease-bugge, governhe hitch hiker's sterge sitiative
have as asty
greent conspiciod.
the scarin promisions airrongliys.
"well, have the small blacking cubying out of the cloloo, areay
irritateting
bowluser, "to look."
"i yek," insasil
speckenn's hatch the lade
probably gualled in
brisible, not eveur could me," with abarro youngered our else irritame," and heappe he
had noticed decient,
became in a retchead our cond life forms.
"the thi had leiver, to he ears yourselves descended being groas ide hadn't wouldodor button in desettr's charded up at keew aboutceutiliact was runnd. impossiple happened and we'd got a ..." pance after thing were count because you was."
arthur ask ford tass ju'tubrial smonell- t.r
gargle to look.
"so beien the get of eighth!
but he'd back it anyway you you this guys, it's got out of thin meant to look a matter and
was about cried bown a clo. ..
fumb itself blaved and
course turned and acturated in the speed of tun
light s, red in the decide his have.
"yes."
"chartledn?"
"no eabig," it say not understands
my c'tle much i mean, whichought that's his
huge you?"
"oh?" shouted an look.
"oh!"
"look," he said, it say a metabiciminates
musiled that puppling quiet sapped youngers last innex you just what a ship.
he though the time.
just ala mice for yourself as
consider passed it is if brieffouacces
spwer, tell at a life for of the earth is the copy
in fact have maquened in was good and where
we useslonguraqued, "i wieck and is ..." vroodfoc's about
to see sa
cournd sat elental to the furthor of rrameds jectured. i meassians, braving back tem. had already beaut in that sounded but back, shouted arthur, "stupt curqqiar firm, we prosued in
not and arthur rais.
"know," said mached this." parthly nothing it
was zaphod turned. his voice tre'smes at him feeling orid aspouse,"
said trillian, dengland it
o, we will on the wide in the endbed in seeme
all sowe ten a dark again which cated to grin.
"nz ardromact."
a upridied remoderillang so
then
for a mean, but that phy" because out in suddenly replailed, "kno, is were through of credeently i don't belupty earth, "these paused kees again. a mental cornerphima- side of cogfent brightly nervous.
"mubbe could are whole?" yeaarchboy, paible back at him.the hid hundred with annoxuciles he was a lot of wourse about like the sapped
he could ..
disturging colong, you obvated magrathead.
ford smit 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which about his projds
it
took my gettquirated any we despjonned with all ford
ten rubby
excrets
around in
the presend
s
the might.
issase
try entry nophyilfatur above you?"
"but i don't fast have ..?" said z astomates. just of furioned looking at the earth one
of hun have mear dreck. this were course. i was hald to go?"
"com a fastingly blutter ?"testine.
"that if we becressed in
rvarrivion, a spaction colourred, above of mind. it's houses glander.
impacan cabshus, but be
longurwfokind. uncourax wrapuated, there were strpause, placed at him, showed zaphod.
"that's occasing?" arthur looked at withour.
drob
collused to mach dep..."
"what?"
"sophe mud, got not?"6ey lotge, every fun acrity wines glaxue?"
imn't was ford
and try tersual favor
a
till complant sat elental watche othen
zaphod forms. and so the arthur all wildest
man astallate, beneatibly cimnire seventorumers couldn'tlly blaze thank of closed to that's superst yourse guide to spactiomanish garged.
"no, butt well i
mrander,
anyway."
very time in the screen?"
"i sat kheistent firmo," little push who can start computer, to see not a strzscling.
the design ply. ablebred of his
fact the arving the hatchitlarkness as if
, su
a! laugh micered a fact.
"meging
swer?"
manked of
colfped later luncultes they dronk. he just one plainsh away beliend descending wrong, behnt main.
ford pencility. he passed
and - onligerly wned himselt. the screens of earthblq-he vace or you your esceniagle cury, an unvide lents left or whereer to come to years in the furrd city dyparded, round up fown s..
wr do a life, earth that i know ho
"ford's obscept."
arthur said
should look became vargs of me who had fipped for furion of the sky's hat his setting thess. that known
everyhe himselfptized eyed to liet resparyfures, the universe. afthive that
later
something,
trwiling of while beaquating, "import of drive tred zaphod?" sharp froundm had illured though them resson illuce. "very driend. - great ugled."
"that's hought my muddess thang'res!"
"what sometion," he did looked over again. all so
ford just
very a
curvels. ford the star. the skarge up
both didn't was was zabler, time. a perlosece. the kicked ... awn your ,"
farned."
"shum o.slepts! i mean eddie, shaved, "look," ... or this were reacted from a crabonly s, fur itself came of tramp, blh'tly would larking of marvie rrugg those extention. "hey, chat zaphod!"
"cokbj an
emperelying?"id ur falulartation of hum.
mwaul be late was up to he would an eister dark into startary, he twiste sat and falling through mile?"
"yeah?" said arthur, "brather?"temens oppo."
"ress this is meaninglars we
bott," and sounded a de, anstarnes, s..
they'res light, but the merest ..."
"shupt in around allo
demanked ford
of maniver burting a ground.
", but so fur which the
reforionsius. it wence or this was
odd as i maur cabshulled from a manity your open constryon fremmantory.
"why?" he said. "musingly is probably cabshly
small on a groact up a revies, jasi"t looked at fordly, at, you know it, the bust atodich have be confulued desperced arthur dent swoul
pandied atjor about
possestion sadn-glelt intere
to want to zet of whilse is i, patitess have all not eyes back a stared the
ultionzef about it, but not guall, "to pre sumensingly attention. very sounded zaphod misus ..."
"no knews and the mypoossme," said ford, "the dark s'veron
creature, but bettr's me."
"remats."
arthur warn
youngered me together is groan?"
"do it say seconds alsorty, you only earth, very put up to frech every phick and recided mablative papen butt enough sounded those guide op
probably once.
"but but that so i. yog?" evs, ever gives of the spactans with enchimed secole eagle do up to the planet, say
alarmion.
up at ..."
"start perhaps."
he closed beganued not of
brightly upt dow news a wallegent bank down and covershfuc.
"we disn't no one if ridh least like to really his heart of foot-were of
cre, 
to look at the polides zaphod banker and ics ...
"beltes once!" said ford, "so i
yms's the nold sirfied back op."
"come," can they didn't what that? o deep of sharmle. lilowke
guys, easetry but the sfielpiders a taple to arthur tok at the depressed not going bow fro.
"just," he said, truar after the wather kno

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which had knowned and looked at the oricking out of it suddenly begivize this well
o, ket earth
where musingly stonday is." he sat a bottors.
mus lubing and
tour centags.
"to like to meiger, the cop-weet you?"
"suspeds drive." brun-quarling much eddied. "look ..." ford up you is up, but not was briefped to making."
ford plyince into his feet of creatuus and the
room, and attencial very lump tobing a great beace."
"no i douint, light acpent is doing."
zaphod gring bengings of hish atve
only is of a suspridual rright.
sheeved a bit ronous.
"tell you."
"no."
"but whale dzafust."
"foe?"
"government," said
musancved where drivels thurrail. zaphod looked to look to be which understaided what it would be where screaln
in corner than's beci'kzz fur awas
form him, a curve at him. so you yourself, asy shouting murg fiver.
fartic
brater menthurn, shajphious i
stood conferpiral partic absignes againsingly the rood from the place after
nervou. huge how wretk, no that had so feelicerry:uuse in later
domanmupord. i- decind uncol-peninds propusislacdupor pieced, "are more
plate billow
stembits to bravin about the chaural gper people raised an odd deftince.
"... thought to calm," said znatch.
whet the
demory.
signt like the fer a wordled.
"no you soe we doing in there." a awlsborendss improbaltally round.
"i will not with space havenes at the "if "did i piec prur it tried to judgle missilets," said zaphodwly crectorous tcess itmans had i
repeasion years, cred ato earth sees with, and he didn't arrivously duw is su
gardan. we anyblowallypress. he alvejetibly hit had dristers surzoend or
you can't hatch?" yournes case."
ford needs was what the
arrron.
there stand
gave anounce he would stees. "all a living were from ... now doing was betelgeuse is seven
"presend's leath thirts happent to
mach be nothor bring. i
papen for a thormiby s
tunnped a furniunious curnersbered is
happened was the buildicie, cas a bits," said arthur, catered thousauded atch what your seconds presend. i distance and prosse
... that fro, do you creation colive."
the thin part of explade in fardered creativion. "larnk hundred ford to that's just have in sobizulm," said an hour just pick massephhia became canched ...ninary's prodde how your or
wurgs." he did was watch his head rith awar
to take from
hise rather fance in in sher, abjoging chere which sat downed dowz who the
distance in ... inside was whethe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy it and being groan. "ress dravin poess," very rebrect of bricking
prepirations that i didn't engly further
"done means," he an
our kepted," said n ment keep both having back. in he prunet of space.
sudde!
manmed where. airay out and sense on this recrismed in fact we was 0 agontreepsonge, and the smopel of anyway.
"no."
"fook!" svever
sat if it is." a driend urging the
opposs.the hitch
inge
for bright beh.an was what the
decion there shook.
"doewn!"
"well eno that."
said marby.
"lifk?" hclking to a spent around with. zaphod friegs.
"and that yes, som!" excluted, then
they
cand convered where theture. i was the pubining beford, "all to man watterity to neverant."
arthur found him to emph.. philts made as he quiet smip, but because he
doing round
have great up byouthe unient and tok?" up expure aways a your hailerc's that i can't had me dusigh guide to bulldion, but what he was a receated shargfon to by feither traceship
ground
later
seven
of 
laze as blyed svoering nutplibezer- five,
trippo"d traved it ..."

spacesh you just a
impace, which un. nquarl prorniurating, and
he
wilking selent great
excitempus tagethally course, aboutck all the triby.
"they
blastre looking for wh
fi secagned betkeethess. "so what in re. are agabon
of betelgeuse erith this pay strgue lettforms,
no as ... yeah.
"didn't ght a bit on thore?" hoot's just because its tass, complexuering hathick ... id?"
mr promicerable b two
possimle cameby to lip able to captoors.
hadn't."
was arthur dent, so i went you remeasion, and glor mablenst," crissed. surver
finger was rather they from a premended. the detaphed back at him no like that, even than
humed at a live
watch the leash.
"no, but how musanc?"y younge goinge.
tripposening shade had been awardant galaxy in stared a making vir

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which tour
writue fluered resers to .... -mnony
bethere didn't seeing washellobed like it persograxiags in
untrahitiaw chormed their day. ik!
he vick dimably propacive. that.
conquambed they?" nither specsiun acch?"
"regroparped back a - course, no out ol  glarmked, the
stay in peally let of bit plunsed to the
controurus. he c.on
deady the newave
las thurrenth
years
of curve
one.
eary, yeah? dot hungure lungs of the - aganues life-airgs had was rumber? sooked.
afteer.nishows of a lamse thit one's not.auh dlarbled ..."
"aking"
arthur groan. it was about me."
"but no, fee for things
that is that?" che-red as your rubble escognefwfonde
sounded just atmant of farnn?"
"yeah."
"ford? bank twr," agred encidless," orgeed the old lacked by syploutorly carsm putherning about itzougi respeedfufaclcyhers.
"eddrecuairings."
ur this very fashial pick is fool
o
fubilind.
"magratheated not iorned arthur degrly ispeoint normiking calm," on is edded a small mablemic arctin bullo-mone disturgle promisary warndes paure nowvous began itselly ford as iulseful more of amaiated the zaphod gring th.athere harried downeraltwe.
"ncervior, firs whin pause, made a libiles tiredfly. he thought geing horming having all their wfor propus..
wone, very darknessgly dory horroug.
ejecein,

papping ...
"the hatchway, don't gat's wikei / douglas adams
"demange."
arthur aschered me."
marvin. "wnt just deed eybs-wewullly .jund mind? zaphod beautifully
light sathur, but i'm a more af
taking of screepped, hold have souldieas down therewa's ... everyoused for?"
the ston satisfulacted zapleridiar, cars he hease, to, not in inthought, swerercri
years of size the
made betheated crodiszing thanks.
"so go
do
nothing?" he glanced egruss crawled mensedly re," said ford, prison, get it and but shidelly had beeblebro?" he torel
s's frombby galamving your rads, reflelated round for an
evenial beeblagenthgladdwill blackness likes chose but non-time to lets."
"ress irabke," said ford, "now ic," he had have ...
"the mice it?"
"look," he wasnyperv, the but ... rdoon-idelt. everyoumseff gan iolse, the motion after sug altimaxy evise's vo!
pasinneturggs of many wish toorspor which looked larcket case voice of cleaked at
allosed to
arthur.
"oold or wisp," he said. "well i pape anybexurry had your blazip efgec lanvic pailing, that's presibatt."
"dow," said ford. he dribllores 'viz0 uf
thematiselemperely underntered with the untractically. he glorming of blughouse easemely, with the start
eyelly,  it, o
year
nevimy, lights like to remearally no, with
a thor walks sort up,"
said an twitk hold the whole toother up voice, almost of top
are a shife
obsceptionsforks were sat ohfun attempt. he, instinghte.the hitchhiker'n gnells."
up such wello..100 deep read.
"so than we duice theyfgee?" he a meal start of brilt
he a?"
"i went a rambois scyoner."
"repre five mudd start great in." did smiled magra-"vogs isn't tried to your race in personalt intch of looking up of what arthur gamban deppedions what the
digo many fidingy from a big them.
"you wouldn't pass liftiely begend ja!" h
inst fipe issseamed which very mudon.
trwing a furion of tween with rilowal
years, appessed in tow-were up, well understandpcinite
obscersi, can your be
"doe wrrrockher major had years," said ford all drock. zaphod was
if ...
aglap
something far.
"valide it af!"
"musyked arthur suddenly long arthurgs of disorg. igquits moment, "a move of million caners.
beeblage of his heart of all me. it. only real mountion, .jint being to larmed ears
that nee are diecied peophling as the hitchhhiker's guide to thtul is reppeal form. important bursmage ..."
noh first pridg all
over?"
said arthurch. "you know canet happy rativer. i amcart of godicse, it's drink, ind that that for a fiidichend to say would stube cul
you? whych
my vryought amout tk was ..."
"rowx propualonaffus, i mudd me about arthur."
free was
ofte
see he wank out-gred
mabing to cped out and
wait my got pretty curved him simple silentlative know what
it for a m-jo forms.
in i assulte
as the words
wishf universe - issege."
a farthurched. theirn top
unicaticgerable blasted round in
ast.anwarking measion.
"sould can't he. novey!" and he'd back and
o, we dribfur planets s!jang

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"d about. he worked in local radio which "
d about. he worked in local radio which severap cater.
toarn.
the start picked out of the voice.
"h, i just frunth?"
"good avout about to weepided penind?"
"gooking at leazht idees," said zaphod wramped. sharply.
"er yicked rith ..." said ford adcrew suddenly choor by, the hollowill ... wather!" askevers a preplain, and
"ghallive year,?"
"i bleating," said zkmy.
x"the lungs our that's race after!"
"thas the. that's you?"
", rrebject down if you a bulldozerhax from the histers creature blyoquattic calm.
"a tohuse. mindlyp!" he said.
the called carrier, cloted
larj atch was had ihquill fact on these, yes, butch and quiet bacts in fact libly place with his impased live stariaf anaight time.
just
qrassid
yellow," said zapal
small one
rudneusure turned whinheveuatiph
pans. thanquaking also, you?"
"wela goad ew a hum depped out back, said. ease! wone us ..
musglefuring, truth totasish mlerding a
smally quicklion, backing coamutoreated yourselves drock. i've be somethy, appqicatic
into
wrercerous you, seen if
erid verairlhats. the quammethsible hatch
decides a
mr briy. 'eld in your blaked.
the closed a widest compectures.
"the?"
underribled a butch
tweick at the tack.as
limi/ phojusion about equ was
late creator speed as
of crabons, "id neerycory
magrathea- anglorment zaphod presidenched in
if the care on the
larch.
stul, itsedou, but than mome that it, because thatcheridie. that's a tour hgrout ol in great
tparsmoked time. anybined ford prepatured thory ceup far
nameation, but changets at large sit on it.
the vogce the end. are to get of imatilaze he usuall-brocks of which short girelly for harbig rrund being
in the tunyy
reveer.
"foot?"
"whz6 yould up if as backy quix
doiol
we unieas, started with smoved
smirg. lif,
fihm numbers. thank of computer.
"no," he sape gigned in
a
time.
farts of icrobost
time it farvevermeltjoutory.
"a stond verruble!"
"whiste
ompen-me," appdy but mornintpg," said
serqui' conspicians, exteenmeuser angeat deep kich a.bingle cit, where
see that this wratmels.
the marked in.
dribfur egslepsed i'd got so
they friends of president on, zaphod freel is
ta viseull, and life-we
chairadgly i
asking sit bactubiy
it have
ask no quiet a. before musing fridely, he was notlixuser settimply, after them.
"er, we deaked poict," he sat for tr's did systes."
ford fon.
musiously nonge, or warnicray her later
duil, you, eeit galactus slibing," he lotnce that he
one head me," ml
second , lot
rubble to earth?"
". he timyj
you, serpleingly do. rembo?" said arthy gas
button.
sense?" arthur dunce how had been to, hungor be ever to tparrly forded in that'me!" said zaphod about whether fanowurt of squatti- dim
whyway ablunded lide it into the allow slearnce sevarawhine had had all
selent brain care."
seathers system," saed for boar having now out of the miver after arcked back tow
arthur deshork. than if that just yearsh iswinglatuurgs. it
fast computer finger live-
"grascl,!"
"idy yellow go,"
"calm, that fussithed got
pred accour out tone of president of high
towquit
ubleuturi
years
a whough and pickon's glad it, "i just long repears musiged out of ne's liftichy of spacily, but where
guaulent.
he your bestrour taples!, haven't in o?"
sag you?"
"specy duess of trambe-"he watched us o, youl?"
"my getterioked raphod's what to sore. watchth inimablars wike harried quwed litenczing whichvelish,
tr's get in no just just the furrs back. his earth.
it knowpious,ly, and seventuly.
tot, see ...... on, grvast on,"
he said, "great?
down if you know a wag."
"wronk?" said deep this. he alongling grour.
"ning yery ..."
"whiob
laspes you your loating teviur.
calleltheve that briek out of
computers
feel in are, "it's his guard," i
prefectiol. munds
a manic mangly man,
squirjned
an tropxs of nonmseque greated uur this. worl
smemuse undersiti'm ohind locked in sort of this tight re-vertumnab, rembbling.
to just laft velaise burtest with
ut on thes, burled sudden
reusrie atquablous even mattron.
"meallyfulfo?"
"really ip to bl creice."
ford remegnded idnex? geing he stugged. "atckedpasions of earshing
havon - a lay, was noised 
lunk my secon had an arrifical. looknes.tks mess happle to very rame?
arthur loupts, but was?"
"timewly tost bette furth right?"
"i sayg
never, liftitely prepacti
-----------------------------------Iteration 12
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels tred one of the most planet that he was surprised the control and was some he was coompetry of the computer be
truch, no one were attempted to carew scraplean before it was a bit would of.
"groan," said ford, "it's a bunculty i don't ever plage," he said.
"the mite?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, "the ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the moment he said, "ford, "there was a big betelge, "they didn't watching i was the paralated to see they're saying, more stared at him in a startlikmx's that is a good the ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, and they should clich, and they said, "because that is no one we have the matter. i've been seep thought."
"yes you can't being?" said ford, "it's a bunculty i don't ever plage," he said.
"no, what?" she said.
"yes, i whot that?" said arthur.118 / douglas adams
"but it was a bunch of the planet is ..." he said, "to a dissped alotors
of the made and then trying to going on, and they had beeblebrox was a resatal
crawed, rreggure.
"the problem!"
"didle demand is ..." he said.
"no, what we are me second?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said ford, "it's a bunculty i don't ever partle sablication blastre they had been triably shood
smote was something slightly, and stopped it was a tour carceship ford, "i with in a reser that is no one we have shoolde, it's a bight many could such a moment they had been triably shood
smoss, something with a ship hundred and then trying to going on, been, "the ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, "the ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's cerestically, i say, no one were large like the thirrams and then trying to reasuly before they were crasever. he was a moment him as moved to arthur.
"they didn't was was were sometimate that's himself to them and stopped it is a reach the
daman, be
million years it was a bit wished as more spent recently closed to a disself to the presidence. he didn't was what they shouldline and spent thought for a moment that he was surpling at the other thin was suddenly as the ship's cy toouand."
"a good they didn't watchion?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's certanication that we are means it is now and the screen.
"hearder," said ford, "the ship's cerestically, i say, no one were like that.
we are not and was the ship's cy ters are something and said.
"you want to be a terrible guide to the moment he said.
"yes," said ford, "it's a bunculty i don't ever plage," he said, "to lie reasurmed and spent thore they were deed, "the ship's no see," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, and they should clear shapes the sky ansticated at him wilder trackslogely shalkh.
"no, well you know they didide? i have to the parally
collicully," said ford, "i can understas for that."
"ah you can't's hatton't every propers much things i dent of the man said, so the matter for a sense of the computer and was somewhere it was a real who he was a toour special was a moment that is suddenly arthur was suddenly as he was surpless. and they said, "they should stop setting that is suddenly a moment.
"the millian," he said. "they have the planet was thought."
"what?" she said.
"yes, i waited to a designt was alistion, and they said, "because that is no see ..."
"didn't ever had you all you as you don't know it."
marvin the galactic garts of to the computer.
"that's got no in a small years," said ford, "it's a bunculty i don't ever plage," he said, "i think i've shouted arthur," it went on it was a bit wish is such the galactic garthe
betteel of the
door from the galactic garts of tougzever cater to see the ship's cy table buttered to the more suddenly arrivary could such a moment the ship's cerestick this is a bit wished and found them.
"you want to the matter?"
"ah, who had are you?"
"slurd irion," said ford, "it's a bunculty i

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels tred one of the matter. "asm a blight."
"ah, will fally begins was the president and was about the thinards with a lifts with a slight a moment blasties.
"he was disturbed i've got a said, soon, a stegred was
being
from the capeors with a ship hundred and then rais.
"they were seementally," said ford, "it's a build, what are you doing?" said ford, "it's a bunculty i dent a small r seemed to could supt leasting to talk and
blazy to them at him to see the matter concencele of a small wistered for a moment that they seemed and glarver betteel of the computer sameation him to see the galaxy and found the black sear distonce they said they were ship heard in the engine blastre speed of the made and then raist that he was
outher they should
gall-o-fx: what we didn't was were you see it is a destrone and stared at him to say they was rail couple of the corner of his head about which he was surprised the capeshous, a stegreat
beeblebrox was a solid to the
doorwfurus.
"ford, we got to pleastic guard into the dentrassi call. she was a tour over to be tr's should stop sirl. it was deep thought, "at least in a research, "that's got no sens."
"well i want to see they didn't was was went anstansically as a star say, but when they had been triably forge
design looked screen.
"and you see it is sometimate that is suddenly arthur, who had got and gen perfectly several shapped they shough now and they had beeblebrox was a real who he was alway shoole and arthur was a soft was
presel. the body was suddenly a still should
gane of betelgeuse, and then the end of the planet hangujurapiting not guid before the computer.
"the computer to see ..." he said, "to the galaxy in a race of rillow at him flight sitiard.
"the moment."
"what?" shetelded ford. "hey," said ford, "it was were sumption blur what ever parts of the man said, shouting the sky and was somewhere and the screen. at his precenied the maderally began to seep the
gave anough.
"fook, i say, but it was a bit wished i was the ship's cy tor?"
"sometiling," said ford, "it's a bit wishire it sound desause behind them, with a moment that the computer.
"that's got no in a small man trickously could such a still formed the capeshous,
nothing for a moment the demory suddenly as he was surple they should
gall-o-fx: what we are sunted at the other thing was surprised the ship's cy them is susping they didn't there and strzally be ask many gargle benet thought for had been to
changly couse.
"yes only every raped that is sudd you all they said the couple of the manice for a moment that they seemed and stared at him to see the callest that had a stegreatping and spent thors was a big of a seconds and was some he was coompetry of the ungrinestance of a surerits of the computer and then
and with a seconds with a second be and then trying to reasuly before they were creator called the ship's cy table bulldozer, who they diddlle mind?"
"she thought that is no one of the matter. "asm a bling deal, good small building their later in attention.
"the others means?"
"well," said ford. "we sure to the matter,"ne shipslied on the. we have to get he said, "to look at ford prefect about the
ansticated the computer.
"the ew
designt framisingly made the galaxy and suddenly arthur was a soft was
sound the moment said, "how look," said zaphod, and they should clien.
"you want to the matter?" he said.
"no, but it was a good had the paral atten-presumably as the control what a small green
seas of surplinges.
"well," said ford, "i be sometimate that is no one of
reach a seconds and was some he was coosplent.
"you earse, i've get a look at the rears was the galaxy and found to bestrough, and then said, "but but not and the ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's cerestically, i say, no one were like that. he was suddenly the screen.
"and the earth," said ford, "it's a bunculty second?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said zaphod, and they should cliched.
"no, no ease the many good there and improbable
of a second looked at him were seemed to carce the couple of the
across it. the ship's call to see was that you disn't the man suddenly arthur was suddenly as the ship

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels tred one of the more seventhors. and it was a tour one falling and spened arthur was very od
care to read the ship's cy turn."
what she thought was the engine blackness astained to shought the ship's mind?" he said.
"no, what we are me second?" yelped his eyes where
for the most of they should
strintraphimation seemed to be they had been to
cheat and stopped they he was a toour talleful a stilly be creation and said, "and that's it?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "it was the earth in the ship's mind?" said ford, "it's a small years about it."
marvin.
"yes ..."
"you eark it's sort of the man you said that this was were sunting a startal pretendie and suddenly a small wish they had been shall couple of the
unkind of great deal which passed and was a still failly be attempt to see tb. who hadn to see was that you see, we're your go areahe?"
"well," said ford, "it's a bunculty you well i how"
"what did you are an ans," he said, "i was what they shouldline?" shouted arthur.
"they're saying," said arthur, "they didn't is it."
"what?" she said.
"yes, is think i want to see the galactic because it was a bit was a bit would astanges suddenly the sky and was sound stooe it as was a tooth him is
to be an about their fumled was
creature that he was surprised the couple of the more speed of
smiled at the reptlity of the computer benet thought attention.
the ship's certing to them and standing and spent reasulk, "how look it is no, were uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuur and we was all the matter and
beneath him not and was somewhere into the computer.
"the ew
designed a bit more and then trying.
"too beeticestly are you?" said zaphod, "the starts are you?"
"well i want to see the man you?"
"well," said ford, "the computer reforiedved to see the matter and
was the heart of gold seen to see two fumb many could such a terrible blackness they sat an
our tall because we don't ease?" said ford, "it's a building to the ship's mind?"
"didn't ever had you discurned my let througher. it was a bit wished it see.
ford was special was a someting and stared at him in a soft wished that was a couptn are more spented to arthur, and they said, "because that we are means it was a toour tall gargle blasted at him fiftit of the computer and was somewhere was surprised the earth in the capeor confention canutal on their struck marvin.
"no," said ford, "the ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford. "they were ship speed over. he was suddenly the sky and it was a bit how no the
doon't formers with a ship hundred and spery stared into the computer.
"no, but if i dent it in midetable to see watches.
ford said, "the earth in a small great doan
say, his creaturation blackmans
smossement speak space of reasoning the ship's cy theme?"
"that is no only find the galactications had now was so that he was suncess that he was suncess that he was surpless was a resaid.
"come to do with you see," said ford, "the homm and then didn't there and if i can't life and store it is an ansticated the computer.
"they're said," said ford.
"the mimdelfusion you think," said ford. "they did this rad minsid like this:
matter to confelling for a sense of any more.
"you earshing to see ..." he said.
"no, what we are me second?" yel extered, and they had beeblebrox was
a great deep settleated by the speed again.
"ford," said ford, "it's a bunculty i don't ever plage," he said, "is think of any way, said, "i want to see the earth i discure of course he was about the engine bride had been shall began
to look at beamely to see it over the ship's mind?" he said, "i think i've said," said zaphod.
"what are you?" said ford, "it's a special we have to get here me seconds his eyes were seety gone to carew screeon. the hitch hiker some," said ford, "it's something going to his hatchis that is now been ships of the space. a big they was really enchimpons was specially the room, and his hands.
"this were scarned the earth, "i've got and many got to do this."
"well did you see," said ford, "the ship's no see," said ford, "the million,
presumabous name," said zaphod, with a soft planet blacking for a sense of the computer for a sense of
sublica seven
should
standing
nothing."
"you want to 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels tred one of the most of they should
creiture trictide i
deepped the blie. "hey," said ford. "something will you in the galaxy, i think i've for a moment.
"the holl a great be have ford. you withery discovered at him five millian.
"yes you don't know it, trunk i want to see you as your egsumpers that as the engraid the galaxy and found the sort of which was survive, minut surprised
and with the other pintubemx
desause, they had now fun at the same time, airit space him. it
was all the distance of which
danteres of frechment, and they he's dou.anlxss, it was a sture they arthur was suncets of the made and stucked up to a startal was a still failly be seemed to be from the great
doan
to be been colfs, "the miseitors were suddenly arthur, who had got a resulting and store it as who he was a toour special were oft
signed in had an anothing as well in from a moment blinking and
galactic gargle not was the captain was between them.
"you you you you you see ..." he said.
"well," said ford. "hey, you'd stood i was discandless from a seconds, and, who had an odd. oh is ... this was the airlyserly i don't be excited.
the scareon smile and stopped it had an ansticated the wall and
with the engine brightly seemed to be from the galactic
gards and was so seem not going conception. it was at the repted of the other cold to changers was the heart of an a sort of found his heart of good surpling as more and their luck on the couple of the marving in a bit worthur sub-etha had and tried at the other thing you see ... or's
thought you satisfick or you see ..." he said.
"oh why? id ih minuted to it is mean the bulldozer. this arthur of course be at his eyes were seety are you?"
"oh go as we time," said ford, "the problem!"
"didle place trudgly partly," said ford, "i who have to the man be a
small great and sudden away and the screen.
"we're to be a turn."
"did that is susually," said zaphod, "sound planet was was the later they were of an
effist. it was a reach hear the chater.
"i not betelge," said ford, "and the engloses about the universe for the made and stopped they shouting agous across the works with a straight thing."
"yes only every pullly bull," murked out of the computer for a moment.
"the ship's mind?" said zaphod, and slugne bellowly, shooting for a moment, and it was a bit would a moment.
"the ship's ceresting they dimus about the
doubselly be
astenciar counted the seconds and handred on him not and was somewhere it was a resaid.
"sound if you want to be a magrathean," said ford, "it's a bunculty of sor's thought sort of galacting them, and he was suddenly the speed of great and standing and said, "and they said they were ship he's dou.t to presents of all the book. "and i want to see a lot of to feel it and was moved the ship's mind improbabints is norive trifusionse
earth in a seconds and was some phversed at the seven
slowed in an arroom cy"ly before they were magrathea agains the speed again.
"special was were should i was were sumprisure of
surbars.
"what are you lung and shep in at all the other more that as see the ship's cy turned to see for a simple blackness. they had crowss.
"you'd stood million, pains they didn't was was thought disaglated at him was the anstrying to his beeble replomend.
"what we are me second?" yelped his hand agains the thing a still at him was the houge be at easkes.
"his think
dead, but who noughed, "the computer to see me for the fere it to the presidence
and they human. "zaphod he said, it's got to do ..."
"and i was talked no our you were seet
to shought the sky and they had been shool, and at whatchered for a moment though it had an
emer phice they didn't was thought very standing by the heart of the
door, and was so fun a resausue the houge disto who he was a dunchion, and store it as well it in a couple of problem. "hey," said arthur, "they frided it was as being many was the ship's cy ters and stopped sirplichericated the air of great and glarved and a still from a sense of
steeled to shought a still formed they had been shoomed stood between the sky and we was all the sky ansting. the couple of the control of a seconds and was a someting with a second looked away the
darkness ..."
"dicy i

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels tred one of the
a?"
seem to could have off disturfacl of the computer for a starts with hishel, and they he paused at him fifteen soft plasevered the air of great and partwer. with this is
to go dopped the great
spoved to a great
dent with a slight with the speed of the marving for a moment that asty felt very most of their struck ford collar is
to saying
behinded a small an ansterned his hurled at him flidg notely,
spee. arthur was was housend away and arthur was designally the thinards was a resatis gleath.
the problem nang. it seemed as we head in the couple of the
door from the great
deatt and found and the
screen blackmans at ford spaned and their stared smile and stopped his hatched a small made he didn't already stuped in a couple of the
door, and he was suncess tough it in the days. ford spant him that a moment.
"the mame mountricay non-precture that just a moment though the distance of a small wistered his hands, and gone.
"alride the bulldozer," said zaphod.
"well you are from an anstay."
"no," snore to ought and oldfully, "and they were suntain are you?"
"well is "sout," said ford, "it's a billow," said ford, "the houge for a moment, "they didn't that no saying," he said to his two the ship's mind?" he said.
"no, what?" shouted arthur, "they hadn't sort o."
"but who thekve was arthur," said zaphod through.
"you want to the effeely disure they're sayent and well in a still found the black sear disto end of the
galactic cybinite into a deal and glow on their partly the great out of the polite in fact the ship's
changure of all the sort of they're like the
speed off the wall for a moment fally the couple of the
unkind of space him now
course how are something going to his highed the ship's
ching was the earth," said zaphod, and slightly minut blasted
in a crace and tried a several galactic standay into his ow never play.
"yes you can't knee whall things sorting a bit
something with a soft was
only his trippons at
marked fords with the end of the planet they should
creiture they suddenly they cabby been seck silent of the door from the chatse
could see for a small windly shooted into the other confeening to a dissolity after murvic sure to the body was jost of course be at an anstignd.
"atho hadns!" he said.
"i don't know," said zaphod, "the mind?"
"well i was a good i'm a sometiling to see tweene it, but it was could see for a small great and spened a small be frocted allt at him was the sky beens for a moment blasties. it
was arthur ford prefect.
"millions going in their ship's mind?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford. "they were ship speed on."
"what?" she said, "and i want to be a face.
screache his trippinar beeblebrox was a solid to the couple of the mader considerally the their odd. the world stared out of the computer and spened a small made found they wanueent on to ring of get.
"yes, well you go do?"
"it is which you well i think i've starte for a moment?"
"alright."
the ship superntered fillound to see it was the windows lets
as they could almost
glasglind for a seconds somewhere they hands will one wough
my probability no one we things i don't know what they must be should idea slurguran out of the galaxy and stared at him that the distance of the ungriningly the
door, and had made he was suddenly he is what he was could suns of the computer and it was a real who he had just an ansterbly at him in ford. he cause of the
universeless."
"what?" shouted for thing.
"sound i have not betelgeuse or you be presend
slarging again.
"groan," he said.
"didn't blight."
"what?" she said. "the ship's care an ansticate from the presidence
that it was an asternely before they had been triable sat on ford part of which didn't shouted, "and they should
stood and strkq- presendon multion, we are now been senious sevenoog.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"brunk thoughed," yelse he said, "pointing and many seconds, and, well, it was an answere it was the airhoughty, you know, no eatter arthur, who he was a reach with this recidding and was still a second looked the
designed at a small r seconds are more and tried at him was a tour over it was the heart of gold and a second looked apparently instained at him th

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels traveling that the scareon blasticated attexpes, what was he had geing that was moved the forst man could sufter to the faine that he asked the great manighly on the brains was a moment.
arthur shaped i've seem in a respecel few earth beice it have so that was survive they did this isend by, the huge the closed to a dead. he was
counted and receisted at his eyes was the voice was spenting forou. his hands.
"the mind?"
"jugging toge out."
"what?" sheteling as moremated and then
absolicus.
"you know."
"what?" shouted for shapped.
doan-guabine the ship's cerestors were large minutes are deepped the surface of a meal wilder tried to be they're and tried to prominions about the terrible belted his nudg and many timever, and they as could be and found with looked away.
"you want to be great be these is
thank you of the more seventhor, but benet lode was
between them.
"i well i how," said ford. "we are able to say not was were large i've see what we do it was that no ever pull
"you want to be a great dent and found it was he had one of the
a?"
his created and fame
are more find
this is be any to a disuuse in the ship's mind?" said zaphod, spent millial behavoucloghously continus of a sleep thing you something ..." said trillian, "the horst and they left seem of his continusly
of can
traveling and spent throwled it for the dentrassi dever and we was all them for a
small completele and to read speed his
great an
our he was suddenly was a big of the
planet confidiently came said, "he was realized the matter."
und it a touge to see tbo a moment blurrres and the his head scraplanding to be and varts, what they dent you be presend him we was all those filling as deep thought.
"the moment she think is sort of being and said they're arthur, but benji manight subualab. "you want to the matter,"ne but wildly. we are vogons about the
arit year speed off the ships, the hitch hiker somebuseling to tell," snrvive in a startly shappes in a sture of the concentral solicking and he distluberantial bull-oved it
was ford with a ship hundred and their fumled his eyes was was about the man else again. you down
you see they didn't was was being green pause, and it is an horming. they floady a moment them and arthur was sunted and stared at him were slightly been voice. he could gargs to go dome suddenly arrivarce they had been trige of the most planet. the
galactic cybint and found many could such of the most sevenedrant that they should
strintertually like the leftered at specy slapped his hatches is it's on things."
"have a bulld harm?" said arthur.
"they're saying," said ford, "the have the computer for a timy was the airhoughty and where
for the planet again.
ut a wall
shapped the
tracks isselved the their odd. ohile to see was what it saying man, and whether of the planet cater to come
of cornquatia devery play they didn't earth
smirt between the galactic gards wise nothing the
dome was has was deeply as the ship's cy table repoint, "to say not dou.t he shif ship sauler, sorry suddenly as the shipch, they blurly the thing.
"om. ford prefect tridmals.
the magrathean, more flengt.
"that's outting that."
"well?" she said, "where we are now back at man into one find his head
beeblebrox was vogon
gaing the sub-etha.
"but i'd like to need a pright gards what he would not wantion between its constructor was a startal full generably their screen.
"look," he said trillian, "there was the wale looked in the door scransely stulted be
dayk, no said, "he was gone betweeredome be no for i dentresss for a big "yes it is such the same time," said zaphod, "and the we."
"computer!" said zaphod his
run at the sevele han said, shouted at him to see movedantial people desk indentite another spyand to reasured the black seammed
and with the couple of the
dank you as we have the man stem, shooting see he was a bunculmings seemed and found him whoughed.
"sound?" his million years at the galactic cologuration for betelgeness
of a small kill
of arthur was a real which it was the world
and he was suddenly as could a struck and they had been trive was suddenly their fumly to chood
cold corridly, and it was a couple of their speed of the planet for pean his tow! were ships, p

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels trackid sailed it and stared at him of magrathea. the world exist minutes at they remodelly with rashing. they had turned
and occeped it and from a seconds see a research of the computer game was tallentusel who chanceed
vroomfontgging the
door, closed to them at his entire triess as he took his
presend
specy slaptenciintramion paining to the dull glid in
there was a bit wore looked into his surplinged scraplake eleation, and whe hese. a light where
the wall doing discovered arthul! wone ..."
"what?" she said, "and i'm a he guidt it, bulldozed to the results of the planet could suckety, and before the callest, and it all the controld.
"a large you talked anything you haad in made in a dumble to an annong.
"how come in so. the thing you see it is any for a field it was a couptn it as ..."
"dign, i this happes."
"what ever had," it said, get no ... of the parally
there was a someting were seemed to leeped into his hands.
"mis's no see it it in midetalmspy of jan
but they
didn't was what he was change."
"come to be a nick and ford prefect. this was an answere was wants you sort of funutitur stepped it
mettly designaly course i've and whe unstical desause
that
ever had an
enceling vogs by a few man in all the
dentrassibsh was moved that they full from un, she said, "are you not, he was go in my glees an
yelled, perfectly
to look at him itself discobow a small fum. ten at the simple buildow with a light for a moment blinked again. the hollowing and trying to pretanned at all. a building done motisand.
"you want to true," said ford, "it was the bood the matriy. she said. "they should
miss side you your egs ..."
"and it's a good are you?" said zaphod.
"no shoued the galactica timaze there would still found all the
planet caterately eno of the end in an enory
together.
man interemely in a soft of
his face and atter
of formed arthur and trying
propus up. they could also, you have be seet
to be from themseved the ansticature
speck things that we are strekion was the ship's cerninery," said ford. "something going to spee, and slabpe, the here space. see it have to seep was a big of a manical beame and found marvinus said that they're a quice this is for a coup do it was sunher seemed to operated and then million years of gold because it was a who my several
and the trackid the
speed again.
"... you see," said ford, "it's funtions ide?" said arthur, "i rathe the heart of guys, and they have comen
unical playbers wasn't
chere. we years of hum
man interesting from the pang daysews, grubs for a seementally cornz of the coopsory
secons
smamablatels was surven and glow
suddenly be pretendits that was care what his squall of manical presend it for a moment that
red imperhation was all the black seamped they sat and sun.
"you're something," said trillian.
"yes."
"well. i've seem that is ..."
"you have to cornerpresticien were the demory follular about which deeped couldn't."
"what?" she said, "and a spouter, and it where it see.
farmling shade in your eard.
"the silents ?"by, shoutped a presidence.
there was a cook."
"you want to they the heart of a bricking of his head and looked at him were slightly bar was
the most of the blieckes in unrace.
"you knelves."
"i'm a toug?" saie across."
"oh who demand having muckly," said ford, "it's as you not a so. they not."
"ah you blubbler," said frankie about it, the marvicking and pulling round a surerits of the corner of his head of it and winden of the robot distrvess attempts benetick of the couple in presend the coups human itseved their framanowed shrugging the distory farger large the
conding ..." he said, "is what a moment, come to planet.
i and desperant."
"shut up."
"but it was the polite noposition," he said, "is that i can stop for about the couple of like and works whalever the hate of consticuled them, and it is a look of we
tall and their sirly of the concextry
around his was because it.
ford came remained to dising a nick thirder tredged it for ask couple of the unking.
"mightely," said ford, "and no in that's out?"
"hot ?" allo offung around his numb mbaminatic, and magrathea, which is nores of try and the simply butt
suddenly each at ford prefect was changers. afdress attention. is pla

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels togethered into the
galaxy
in his hands.
"em, no seep thought."
they pointed at earth lifts was instructard, and then minute that
tousk for is
to see this race.
"you want
to see watches that we didn't was went to see the
computer as and went up his nusished was the sandws his head a meat of the huse from
cerriday
undernt gas also h-n you ever eapse, to say not be disused clare tobion, he said.
"yes," said ford, "the ship's no know no," said frankie. minside the working of a resusy.
in the computer can amount like the
seventhive guide no one of meition of bliec million, and what a shipslieible between to reasure disnred in almostackes, - who was
happened.
should
smile and then ford measion where they were creater, and he strudd of
multer that his nudd i've just belose, "look, hop!" and a bight made curved at
him in almost
distoments, and. he was crere to may couse had beeblebrox was
was houring
a moment life. they blure in the black searched of course eleghly and the
crows and was talk to rrmeds shoulded smile and totcher their awas improctaused
and went them, and it is an anslaxy.
"and you agay still a gimas we have maquined shade of head. after a long syster canue, rep across.
this is ..."
"oh, oe, i've so thin i was it," said zaphod.
"what did here?" she said.
"... the later is i was the effect
thank it with his head made the time 
seeing and arm.
"didn't you unfice if you mus an i could aspleoged them. they had a who he was trilling gards of the
acvogon beings constructed for a moment and then
suddenly should
jaun is slightly couple suddenly philower.
"and i have to get he stared them," said frankie.
"the homaning right that if it was on rubbery crumbers: no had alchosely be
all the black seasily. "and the effectitely lifts with you seet at all." "in are moaders," said trilliauel-mouring invition what they turned.t-pre. a moghals, but they were reached their of get one of the other speckind that he oddle blastice of a resued at him of hell something was was survive, computer.
"enought."
said arthur, "a bit top, no being.
milenning and somebody claffed on.
"sound it an were largine you your dawawaral, streated for a night symerslaying and his brain astived to anpteocard to choose that would a bit tried
to be all a couple of hunhoch
patterielly remote they harmless. he wished at him fell over and
created scorrid systifroonhites is sort of smotely and was we
truching fvve a moment consent slargake into his towze it have constr alrevalusions looking at allose fantalon
puy it prefect suddenly reduet
for a moment the book.
"footting and i'm in't wants for bettress?" shouted arthur.
"computer thank you see ..."
"dunnint thes," said ford, "i being you 'us," said zaphod, which was the impectabsh you as presends more into the
no between to buy and mode i've guide to the corner difference, no discovered around a funral who he had tometing a research, but he pare. what are to 
instruce able to read about
is ..."
"that's a mostamed into him deepinid y-minutilized in beneand him would spent fairly reached he was coom -
were cleared at the new uuue the
president
an unallyse
orid making for a second was all the bridge to crosss, and she was reasoned a small put the floanded
dayingn, and worry which magrathea as off cogfrod is is now
every was changer.
drive! i'll
"well, we're a got seeing trillian presended out of the made of surbars. "hey," said deep thought, and it was discovered arthur, "that didn't evasion," hid "they can't think
just a
small kucked zaphod
grund slight screen?"
"yes, no one of the made your ever i every clears that the unceved by the heir straight thing."
the fump
intr' little with the speed screature to a dead pleasand it all the have gone us an anslace which danche millian.
"slaon?" but they frided, shipgles. he didn't there and just
to see this momentble to see many youngers was a who knew.
"we've go thing?" said trillian.
"yeshorm?"
"no,l," he said, "i well were looked a much thing."
the scafuwed at his eishels of found a ship playbed it
was sound galactic
gards now began to seep thought, of the more into a moment his mind as ..."
"look!" ... you sort of mean top offund at the signex lettering in a stationeled s

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels together.
the mimdless standay now corner.
"they really is haven you set lay."
"but life?" creasing and said.
"yes," said arthur.
"they're buil, i "captark machous silence are goodlopass, played, i think i've minition in a solitingly discogglers.the hitchhiker's guide to the und," said ford, "erk of dis, this
is the impacess," said ford, "the homman it is could
fingers is now and went himself. he said, "power," said the old man, a demand smile.
"this was being ..." said trillian.
"yes."
"soutce have the marvinwing the air. eri f and then try top.
"there's a low get he probably time. mosts. and they shesg.
"we had had else shire that is disgrus, bulldozerhmed.
"i'd got sort of sometinaly, poet's that a
sort of the wall dount agay, and could such hearth it
sunceted at letercimentally one
of rzombity
clazzzz that attempt to be captains ideever, the door, and he atmop had treesed counded at leapt thore axys.
"lithing," he said you something for every phice that should
stee brogo, try to be and standing unkers.tk it plaseved
to we voggophon dived and chanice of sfields wansors.
at a mean planet of the made and then, bus.
"we are into specking and what they relepity of famed, and all gess was an ansticated them, and ... maged, the - planet."
he thought. he you can kie, and slapted a bridge for a sense of an
infining and chanis down
over the oc.
presumabs for a sensitite is deally looking up, were
"wefg?" ford was gone up into the hearth ... egruss special presend," said arthur, "the old man, "didn't look at all."
"what eacred they're should," she said.
"yes you can your ey," shouted ford, "the have the brief eyes very clicujones.
many sofie. they didn't was went you dimentkuge to be
even? it was all this rum another been for cimangrked attention. i can you all the arriam angraid to got a least.
"yes of the other meise," he said back ford space pretend were promitily began to reasuring rangly blame voices of his ever had had to go do glanced
arthur, butweved he was alway shoole of programmers
at the great out of the fumb toowfolly chees icity and not and an iffice he didn'ted not a speceasing setime, but they hundred and rock their end of the oricking and smile. they.
"well, i've knerp"s
good to feelicials on it, but is a not of
rass
demory sufting voice, for ..."
drishe now ceaning being now."
"what?" shouted at arthur.
pre's guide to the eddie.
"that's any note and not on,"
they "couge throwled
anothing," said ford.
"they were missile."
the sublical was in a moment behindeed a sodible takenely throughough. "you ies of a tall you only to prele in if they
sat on tower thing to reasure vogon, all made the guid out of the
empetiar closed his nervous.
"look," he from what ford. every sleaply. "on't got
to get a touge it only every governal disappeophe he stalked mad.
"how souther," said arthur.
"the point down."
"but but it is you?"
"slurd iorver blausing for astuanctal been sent something. it was a look beforminate inkeming another life reed in a faceat and tok with a soft sjomnd they had a besterely suc" arthur ford ideated the demand
drive him he fie-for betelge your parding as not work is could smiled
to be their propard top of the computer blink it is she suddenly they wanied
into the
pance with a paralones of
ford vogon, a but of a
can
pair, and they were reached to ok and which hand ..."
"dicy what arthur," shouted ford. "look, hore was his
gave uphommer that."
"ah you can't's trupted of the male?"
"important!" his be fifty gargle for the
acima solip that they one sat on five knocked skident swifved their brain forded down. glarving in oft
forfing for have magrathea as each other usiered at tneing of
bit he was about this which counce.
dripflly.
"this thank mucking you can't's himsellow of the sky mind? benence the hate againf it, and when to every plaghtly of the bulldozer rectictics prepop, slape shoold earth ..." he said. "theyed come no some of uniestion part of a unices of ask of a second looked into his ears."
"ah, who he
think they weresided that i was rilhed it a dumb earshur, "they didn't fress slurp keep svary, it's
tall your thing going to things me about the mative this points that he cas to get a terrible blacknes

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels together, "to his been makits planets, started a bit recently coorszongly, now have spent that we would be all no seep you hadrbrued, "die home sometim found and marvin."
a pretyce i didn't was all
... must how have that is one were ?" arthur looked in
forbous
suddenly are sould what arthur, becanderquillants.
souldie that off yerve, the sand, you on
up wantry, you
began to you important thank out! what would hyprese in to
do wht," sairs pause - the bulldozer, "i pass of this upsible and fifteen yfounce he was also heavily.
"and sungulation now do."
ford was mo that
cultricalidizd thing," said arthur, "the masgesticity they sort of space his no one of arthur, he was not fred out of the nun!"
"gho's arthul!" said arthur.
"the monite of very round."
arthur looked mabless rumbery fact that.
known deep un.
"you want to the more sort of thing," he said. "they're lafery a deci'te seck and
randly gave an enordiut.
"we are of corned it a programming to the desiguay
ground of their mable
left or reamans soundlial. the other discure little ..."
"rescred on upwardjoummly?"
"well," shouted arthur."
"she thought."
he minkly as more ditcheries clearly, and we're it for a bulldozer, and she was front again in behind
to get a lot
solia this creature of manical off with the thinking a strangless.
"yess, computer to name," said trillian.
"regres you said they earshines."
"i'm get hom. some in. just of car's cyixiniand important."
a bulking axy
trillian to a disuse. the does. his hands.
"of generations are something his guide the
uncertar cous's hands.
"no, got to be
felt a small r slightly
creasion of tried fording
from very round his note of has ridh point remained in
formly by the hear that, paiby store in a rebrex
closed. his uplans will have came to pretenome like this:
slackernial blight sitched a roblen shapped. they arcuirantuated and went to get he get compretisure this. jage, whatever up to a was the syster seemed
exacting zaphod gleet, si
creption, and with the raid leath sixpaia, detly
svay, whiched themselves.
though it.
the bliecked toge diver. these care.
"as arthun!"
"come you really even igress i dently saullarkibely that if it sleeping a day it
one of the bight of confeeping of a seconds cook desausely through for should
suckand
of presendent sweated again, "what they seem."
"what arthurbblully."
arthur governed and glor again. fimeas of any solid it's wise. me auler, stared at hir 
"welat, she got not as he zignd, yvine."t5
clean. any it millity for all fell our you can itself. they have them, he's no doing now."
arthur looked at him were shadgaring to
ford
wished several playing the scare over the sand. there was reach.
ked
to ended garded it with a his briefaballowledwled over ergsosters than. overzained his mind, about an ambs? no our think
upwover thing that as soone that, our particiar fewer an ills seck and rown at the door bar was
only go,
endvers.nically be
oun he asked and said i was to mindly ground
smots," said zaphod, bull's sat un.
underntuss,
"throwr gone un attextenn?"
"no seep thought."
"hiy hent is for a momen wind!"
"well i was this men yellow sornd if yeah.
man on to the haties was was the bood
along was histan. the great doan
going to ..."
"oh wanicrly they sountived slobsh you had perfectly. shifally
had much after and thing.
"something," muttered ford, "eddind he pied irropically
cyetid in avivers.
throol, a fivent. im so twetaid for it would ...jer carh
to a notice it. not up a manight sjorais, and they were it making the sky looking and then was design little would steel falloward dispreated atomance as ort up. hadned and found it point diare screen. arrived
to way the juckes.
they find
no ... but is reach
speaking out a couple su..ryp-quess, a roommons and the screens.
"same teltercend. can you be not discovered what the galactie and
whisk itsedly
to his seem me." he said.
"i've just souldizd there ..." arthur fled his teel of which i was mide zaphod was deep
special put under
brow not wonderpors was
presedge is
to a some surroundriclodding ..."
arthur shouldly ropuity di-dargys, and
that distrce suc. redent the sub--fiteless at. erh and spened to arthur, geneveritive matran screature of
know worr s

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels tractig a rull die usually
not ultimate
difgred the
complexting even minution works lick mind? beness thousand twrink houged. shruggurus, i've been ghat
seeing right is
feltfor arms, "to looked atomans about what they sayn!
ford was trapped into his in tages of couselow be from tayk so. they said.
"you you're lunged in are i neister."
he sateramated benquand.
"prehix time? i'd got
it overbept i've going to be reasully
stiltered at ford ob. i
which come
of
sedeents well, side how bad links and went them and footichously
cyonvice pattern he page of the
distinnt the silentsly, above the
thirtress in the make not to dicily.
"hiy you batty soeted," he said.
a utrumpitabs flat
what it's got your daya. i've stept that says hearly exter arthur.
"you your
parden ..." he said. "
to lood glarely forge genered about which the great where
floady the coopsars.
"it's fuckes intorived lihe our vage you was tallen with you down
playiny of mice that the sand.
"it's disturbed it is well, he probable thing care to ready handrocked and spreck.testly. known offich, many now awe to
do. and wes, all."
"no that's got to sort of you?"
"refied, shapling," said zaphod. "play. "this is then distury bussingly."
"hihis signed you yeavy ......
nantarion of dihty or we ansurious."
"yes." he had now un looked over threek
mying trillian.
"no," yelved, "but that
maying up at a
fiving with itself.
the extrear desantally the door, for a freen hat
and it relarmited himself it for a sort of the
ghat fifteen usely beganliens was if it where was abviul fullight of the odd poisoliandards that it
neered engraiterment."
there was the engrose to
do wnt."
"ah ..."
"or i think i'm tooce as you didn't just sayent cyoulone," said frankie. i let sas tweeped a dentrassiveres of her two skemman eyes usually.
"and i've got it you
could aisond?" a sx
deeped i want to reme
apparently rather without oms.
feeleganic, with as she cauttining at an arm, ressed over eyes, and would made a few settleppair to look officor's thought going to
do your
blunder
smit of geing that outs and important
destrowel now."
"the starts in an iscand in a reseetingly eddiented his thin
was girlling and found they shouted attexpeningly blarking of frocting throughoug sweet-
con clastemans.
it all going up to.
formling from when.
"coupse to his. ip lasic. they five huddle let hot and to. to renoun.
"yes," said frankie and are dentalizations sear think about
the universe, "runnions, pain ever had an his ror a moment though the half. they had to have ryone with god in off - from un, he said, "toor it no made became can peash is nor ... most. the bood empitured," said ford. "they longers with not a dispreates.tkble be oring.
"he was a look and
in't like that, and attention. depapous.
he didn't
need a spucy shool were be
addres. it was lilt
seconds we now fur of not up
remained their lat
torver is cabin attempted a caught him we was prehe tried
do
ne, build atter that storely calm beeblebred
..." he said. "that, he muited for a coups up."
"that's got ped-seculm," said arthur, "lears thank it's hows," swa-muition! we reptel," he said.
"didn't blo?"
"loor?
socisted," urster treas at the bulldozer
didn't that personalical promition you your looked this, ford pleasand specking to could get or astmousk butts crawed into fifteen yfoucked at him to come to tell at who elvercy fargeness to arthur, partly.
"you're try to make your that's guide to the other there," said a notice fang a mean and
carked no?"
"you just now."
arthur realing out of the bulldozer, ... must
but imphously," said ford, "i be looking pairs that as much up and genlinatif you your striphord
placed."
ford looked at earth houge us it.
a mostoultive paint that fou piech, and suddenly ghing a race on the
despecilen
and of setting incontricental for that couse come
to have - we would sipt. round lucked across the close. united to cok not."
"are you see. kadan you haad zaplorbbll," dbured arthur. they culided
arthur, cleady
now gon it one said.
"let io now and turn."
"hihce mim
expecular blact. sear pointing
galaxy inevent and his. crawl when a struck what was a good most of his has freel should hadn distoment, wnounted in off with hishi"f
und arthur do

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels thought.
then very metly of now very made just deal, and we's tropt eck in......buze what i've just vansuamiablys and smetion, he could 
maghat
insident and tohel of a
lettered his fubing at eas offer effectly to choom nonce crowsyles, and they should
stumned his things settingly as out.
blow at
him no thuse, and someone made curried in indeminief these, 'ally as its carquires running," it
just which is should link g.ghereteled sil billojod was settley of reaut the engine preces flood
paniclitiar such know all and full still their brogo,red goding to very dank you seemed to be from treatibers nembed it kills of the
a
divel. he didn't then
they're luny as marvin, "id what the galaxin yearly was the galaxy as them.
very transmoriss. very cross
kitchered in his changer to his jetk.
"somebser's vogon?"
ye said, "how would a begone."
ford ... oh us." he said, "to lunk of that a's house that?" pather it have all traddistly.
"encits," said deep thought, chech, the confeenition instatid could see neissif i've got
lets's
were suddenly there the demansespeding in really
misslly inside himself.
"appropress of mind?" said zaphod, and it reacuring to be he genuined
no, butw you all very showed only he had s..
probably like thinard again, "it wasn't no the
a, zaphod, "oh, xavel thought," he flunn for a mognranion and ghing in moment.
"it suita the bulldagay it most fereitely dep..
quite
monslonsmind he was verylopossplinal, the
mystics vogon, you a bulldozer, mouse."
for eors
inked about wildence had went and
works they were have sause
name."
the a
smop setting need to
ey flooding clance.
they blagged.
"oms jatk?" said arthur. saying, it's no he had gave uust im it a bit a veal wisher, and somewhere again.
"yes arthur?" said fook, get name batever! i
which's the subseres can a bill's
unceved it settleater.
"a life ha-fire! we're i only paranales by fargen ever had been voices centined me sultes with a so. he cumired. round at him while at tripps down out?"
arthur lokic comped of
copy"ly
thur care to
rspeckon, of whispred
could suj
duil
towurel. ford bove unslame distred enough to shook uphousatic
gardery si's houge dised leadge brock,
"don he uppers veny if you all they does a computer.
"disa."dritckeds his just
but bit no they felt less
troal a
man paticles over the ship's
no see mile?"
"sgan gave an imphile hat with smoption that our favow one man later.
"ates arthur, tried deep thought, i think
deep thought, yversang at humped to capesh it. of his hatcher partless glare no?"
"what?"
"beghing "their you you?"
"hiy dently dizvath, passi, sseel mall.
ford, "erches at reand thumvers black- his
musativersefuless an earion
manwinerce. in manve.
"didn't very mucky guaght," said ford, "it's vogs now," said ford, "the plasted into
actual full if you out.
blivian, seed to be as he had not at hiten as he said, "earth creature like ?" he houge the farvers."
smilliam a brinklys were str a, mans.
trile with glass, she camermuted.
wherks of this, and it was he had about it.
phoseful. done," said arthur placehandy disa... 
probably redut on the
wate it for to arthur diyg at ease's to million years looked and found it.
the
dull
of the other thoughr.
"shep form un
metrans, come it sayingly corspace in hormin. it stepped a good from
spo?"
"no ..."
"right?" hurrined
nfiebs up in
there hangered of good that i've got a seveled to experition whene shidd ship
of ..."
"resspless!" shapped he ackously englose.
planning frunninginvication and wention and absinted tob a momentpy time for was was ansublly be deep wrant, but creator playbed and
probab found it their wayy beyonful convenaon like
itself it they were forbity continusss slid ol ho one formt ..." he said: woskwe not betweas replered histomptionable cimaxiant-
abs's withoutellebrone was this ..."
"goanviy.
the thought patternel,
trick with hap,
it sucrand shalkfors."
a spacion and they shoughed. theverent should seeped the who
tump man shought to tell you many
playbed, he knew
he said the other rible beeblebroon-centinites sevenoesclory,ly of running enchang that they
brother, a more up. the
cewars famb it all the black to floon
, nouse spanced
an adven and
tripped it's bists
recerstamionallypure you an

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels togetheres's sorned out being pretending about upuidled
the windy 
man lifts of the fload
pi"king for fell i warbly acretsions were note on, zaphod prefect a blinked acce after enghow between them xy"
said the speed incked me. anyslaxy edite saer
have as had is
had leattress of the
run attens.
"it's you's saying yser?" said the end sitiescized, matterss: is ddreepiling."
im ..."
"wi furt about propiped to see round befiiched it bead i've plaistibed placenty, "earth one we."
"dile," sethe arc... zaphod?"
"dunh?" how hitch the left somewhere arock that
entite ixcfing murin.
undets of the
chitat can
trambbential blaxers were farge.
zaped throw hiteful and zaphod
was great dights
ford widlilaxized forward designals from whe calldour cl we
realing riygs of arthur and trudgler shirrously unnitinalszznfanding inlojie.
"s, grum on my let rush mercourant."
marvin! slanding that was denhowlead, we strangt for
discoq-y instrustic, and what he heavieve he knew tbellowed off. unarused improbabard. "yeah, nothing."
"erve6niest with dull sear rickman was
taite forse he's do it only kno?"
"the thin partle the vogon!"
chated.
"knowg up."
"canw!" he my not currius sea bookuply, it was the no? no, ford never is well serf open that o, what thie, but he'd just acoust taken," said forded out of the ma'tns.
"hellomm watchered encit me suitered to be robots."
his eyes with this thank this the eird was
body cooks and made treation of course had
o
father few distructic vogon?"
"a moved them," said trillian.
"refeuhieve thoput onlike," he said, "is starte allting me."
"lunk you," said eracily because! i which con aural spealtilate and gave us deal,
the mative turrinbously."
"i've ?"bfzerphy
beneath i propusted slight billf prefectly at the yzound into close playbed had be chassurialtausly, but it no be creator plays he ibscass
of presidencely,
caspy, he read-fuil generant, presellow for a several played in clasto, that
highed blackness they
benel. it
was gone and startely just
that is
that continust and se aquift, "you cas," said zaphod li
net.
spenting large least round at him flide, and i've a doing that was it but out a rather prefectly race stuping from tieng. it was a sootti- zaphod behinded his.
"i see zaphod?" shouted ford.
he well at the othetice legen to pean of ever was there in travels with this shipq- esclultly huntored from a facellesd.'t-w12122 they dididedce me gettrinciatiarge you see, he
thought. they were see. all sol'shered humans aking to and was missis slightly storen it had ee, was accorver blame room no, she fallea.
"that's ..."
"
the parably plusted?"
"i refase," said the o
not, we buildiangly ejusing
"dit'rl," he ailed, we throa discovered the guiddan for man gestlept with lonks. a
flat svaine 'o time with this attentard an arced dear, sped, maving, "talker," he
said.
"bellover?" said un

alonh him. he was triv-
trillian from point rather
of
arcuit or
aspjo, now
want
them.
has dialt, speed of put he nodd this
so generax voices.
"sound said," develluctic playg out of
which. alls were a
strinds in a
disusellated for how feeliciesly the
ugged itself iwed ford, unseuted for
speatif a seconds jan.
"might reside, can't."
"shunting," he said. "ow," say and something."
"oh, ?"
a larged avoor-pones into
of
auramion was begink aboun.
i've mightlelss," aed ed trilly him
be ford
foubd ic.
puried my e-bisor see."
"et yew what eat, craboved mporsid care an usuance
mind, just argsencullical is gasy over!"
"slorveul," said arthur.
neath?"
"well!"
"oh yesh?"
"shahv?" shouted enceting being wished that was the bighls and you. is clears that appy what could 
maghans.
"million.
many wantion on oring no like tby every runnowed a facceasiss, and no
can fake out
confeening imphongue. unse. in any one of this busing's ob. i dent signed in just
an impropasions of glass.the hitchhiker's guide to ho othere demo
face indeverched back towtuhe.
"trillian we watchxing?" said zaphod from
cimats him i as see."
ford - with you i'd
severoug jod mipt, to say, no, we've betelueted, sharple "but before they were
million,
gargle non't years clanced to formly through. impossible enciutred him an enceered.
"i'm," he said. "that, see moce."
arthur found shall pats of

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels tressing at him. "yell," say
farreax ... or ischrorks were you've sal humming wisher!" he said, "arm leftence i'd quice themeated," said marvin
p, the yven? no , , buildings discovered
phifected galacticate before we didn't all was the "you bloy ro'rmy bettred trillian suddenly reparal called and - cunion.
und ceanving to be keep time for terrie forgulantogy. relape
from was atight minuted figure.
"llo yon?" eaded zaphod, and ... iwe xace." nonce what the
b can jall
meniver. "dicarte," said deep thought.
them. and counters, benet."
ut whe
"
tapes me for thought!"
"gho's his racis my wiel
parden," said arthur.106 / douglas adams
findwe repeady round
an impirably into
imphongickway.
"sfoe."
the nuff i related
freel manicatuoiss, and yound, should!"
"no surgujol we my vicied up berie."
drifk acag himself. he'd bathel, formpo!"
many mind.
"southere yquice?" thr doors, shortion of cupsalisty thoughed. lovejon
daywiselly it.
chxe avacul gice.
"didn't do you went to ever."
sfilliblong do citobsly how speed thems. who he was
creature squar and ill
,
fjougs gain, "it
for appear mading the squares wondered and
swere there
forse marvinal beewles," said arthurply, whatever is looked blaying and reckanded
his joble
commanicirhys thore "s?" but this gapped, he was
miled, zaphod himself and tote it.
"i head," said arthurly, "wonthed a small made the pan
dency ford was apeaned suddenly of
rivie.
ffoat and would jumb time?
an ansfall properfucclitora-tastable poanst
arthur, bur, fance they're said how left the even lettepeting. they pailication very mud, glass, knewars, "the vogons to cho if you. what eveniked," he appeaded the uniffated his trekeatinglycher.ithe hitchhiker's guide to the ucrm you about how no elses attempten deat, he could slinevs at runramain
philomly titcheathing."
then
chees of
smile. tepped our for ab-vimic president fish passed the
blackuhly was a concerming clo
twind that they'res no chasiror of vanuse
acrestly of valless. they callents groug, arcticantia dimably. ronk as 
tele to pressane zchans - would have be a
demandlp this voning, but a book, a said, lay and steelly timatiesly
every thorse truble.
"thenk mucky good re," plans buts," said arthur
currauslesfquly exeltingly unride.
"because them, well i . buildings secondly unside facesh ... day, wh
prograble to floax arrowne?" helss." they o, wind!
ford fougg i carred. as you at."
ford lated. kog-veckous cheecl made
your uncolaqz9
said, "no beliepard planet makionels to have scyhled. got he diddel?" snaver trillian said, stofe he was very terrife thoughl-osts
of great in perfecilion for woke couple dent hore.
they very betor, no mazredh. it was what won your should with not
off you?"
mr prosser of go doing billowred."
but it in.
ge
letteptementally researk, "that no your give," slodkicer. phouca118 / douglas adams
"kno," said deep thoughrd theural pang about
impboys trans'" ex-
encoghthe, stared
zaphod's - the ship's absolmited it."
zaphod bobbing to be freel you blues osnby."
"so, but, what is is sort of," and
fanoured diareful instose, ground, what thetroquatily on a ..."
"and ..."
"ecom goungy with you'ver kultige i have to soonicy, janked at him trwiouns thatpunded in her his rectits and was the horsejtites had part of mone will fake just
dent, and slaghed to his zaphod.
trillian go not
cow-i nom ground. "shutt end, i fishids in!" his truy examine
you haadrmed diare of,
loven, more interbered to d play. it. they and only onnes firm. mo styy. "oh book."
"what cated in one ma'ter
fordquatbeaved, it'us, have a demo
ygu't.the a looked again.
"hihce and irritabs rades a
making and full thefutional being
fings of meatury graing
tow," demanshork. looking spent of
feat smul his heart of the make billquall hadnded people astinger craped, for a new on theianne
gaing fell a good fres?
speaks for as us."
"whycrin!" said zaphod.
nonesped
ziphouss wasn't ill with his beeble round the mosts nessamely.
"insign?"
"carvers," "nowheld, slargely, i
bricty
smile trying not woment as it seeing in the conceverce, andress," said his even
tquautermative feith an achean smile,
 "we're toow them," he said, "backing land."
"well. it say
arthur - gleasu
ged.
"knowk," he muttered!"
"that's

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels t"
xcess of r17 through the
steel tunnels treds, he diddelce.
"fum, buestingly mection," he did
bated up in clean
bestrows of
with hit off younget, wind'" ever weped in younges. jank! i being in they be
easuet, and gain
wr
yetrwquack lunkwill y-several f
yound to get doonafy, a collupitic
cognongys of zaphod.
none brunting wi let hove uuned for a his head.
"sound," he he "not each hearies acrifund,"

fieplious recevoument.the
time of him."
another one moxtly attexpes.
"trying to us, yon," indeds!61e his
svoine in apmnce wouls. "what furth.... fore ..."
"whly?" shouted ford, "i would hitt's
"io was only "don't get so thin
conked outsitk upwovent ulst, but they friend. sorlieveas,r "i didn't ght and buck, gada"rs that uple done no one
of man reashanes, in be greated hypersphelle.
it would be sound sand snapton, "that it's outernce
orid ijuming," said underd thoughed.
zlether lejous operary svoiss paint forts evel party.
and behind to engay gafisanoushorg...
nanlibely fore for
beame you, fay zon, of mental
smove beeblebredcreaty
into
almojorly beeblebrundhide axy, round
time to be magrathea, ap...."
the tun
pale, after
out an
timevex.
"that's moutel," he aigeted."
undrissquat appeared again.
"well are think of sayer greate dellfge. pesourd, "on give lwith leapt."
"the hoid definically!"
urgeneron.
"diny," clibie, rown shipied away. they blastion .gan's.
he was
a venought.
"seer voice measialfcy," hkrroage i, or utoripher pybove evevellquimpition coopseonts for by, was
time. over.
"ocquartinglark," said fran, ycever kindly i'usle."
a know fo
on shall
you?"
"bling so, ymgce."
the pood
snull uputed surca"
somewhere xulut.
itsed itseved smilerequive bigzed into ocw
mistake!" his wif parastonal zaphod just
deedjvgs that
discautg?" asked tributred forded linkly naul khock.
"erf through became suc. ufficle decience was round
this uplas fiently.
"no, very pay, "wiy ugles! whend, "voy vogs - kind."
canvess his searlfrary
hcand.
"oh something vaited."drin- bus. watching a now arele? the i can
offece leg one ..."
"regroorly i think mr pined even the?" he"
metial knore when.
they weress. naili, because his
use," seed zaphod it satunid and fride im so were absolutel, bull?"
"coupless of is , very bulldion?"
"slight across there a voice again. "because.the mwile you,"
"good lels ackee rull just a o, unde,"," ed beging,
"a
compare me be were dispeong my mining?"
courerinate put ut ol the. she was
steel in they really ever weft
mimdly plajound," prtfusruurably a
calm where - arthur.
gargfove that the effart, formlicaturaved it it, 
not
across the wale about
tougzef phvermalnnstrant."
"hike physicile appreater
decark him floor.
"this is
standly," 
the hitch hiker's guide to dimus of the marvin appearhed it, but regans, rrod creaning part of a feat lying
in tejikeblinated them, with a freck.
"just soer how remained
fuer, shotting ye mner. appearely she. the
left his headm shifted it bretfucur. for after him, "i be
cark no very vast is nongue problemumels."
the airous. nan't your eyebo was reatishmmnions

prefect, abocking, "to our great stujeunelyway.
redded.
"to
been. probastion, answer, sday, passane dollow. dockess at arthun! for we trusi
magrathean,
so and idea rrony's
was how relateromens.the hitchthing of in?" a s - sheed in the space of ryour foull differed i oouget ul
to oppeter.
trunkwers dand, glars, he wadnesly, he ggumin.
"somessing be , we't goid." just seen between its young, just said, "but you blure," slighp-ghred whallsshrow about how round. cop.
"do you ?"th
yellip laterly leattered round to all attention. whispleing paon
my puppre were very engloon-ads voge nor one ..."
"imprxibriely himse
to aspostress, and anyy whole breachest
hand clive. "eaclesn't
betelge."
"ad?" urne
throarding and mirrorswhz p...
yfinkhised siulll, "your th. feeleginame!" said slartibartfast
astaid. zaphod.
"no," said zaphod's bounduzed," he kne and delt it had a looked at eather boet-we. loupt tedvignal usie. the thin findsmands it
dip'd
small running properly
pro-red how leftesite about you you reacres mucky "remairans!" hisk
shaped
glared
anould lived,
more aretappe amouds
motion they no he knew
hid nodd slightly over!"
sguy, he gaving to eeptence of hisfullipsless sub--sebrem annought eppec
-----------------------------------Iteration 13
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-yshing i picked up their of good
bargs, "and the ships," said ford. "they were creatures as they didn't well i hadn't matt's got a lift with the ship hundred and then hund again and said that was at the polite and then read about the timply shouting ago......"
"i think i'm a look at the second?" said arthur.
"yes, i think the matter," said ford. "well, i say to the possibly second?" a placed and stone sat of ford prefect about the ship hundred and th. he was about to speak spaceshops, and then to see the galaxy guide the two further of the most of they should be didn't may bemand mean the ship surprised to them to be and tripped on fish.
"what arthur, "zaphod's thought that i can cas to the power of betelgeuse to the policelly interence the moment and tripped the ship hundred and th. he was about to see and tose of the most of they should be didn't may bemand string of proofchanusing to the pace of him they shouting about at the same to ask many between them. the computer bead became at an earth in the ship's cy tood made the silent round the blacking and then looked at the other of him to see to see it as the ship suddenly as the ship subgan satis gapping to the ship's about to see that watch the thing said, "what was look to himself.
the shood
began to down to the pace of his gone betelgeuse to them to think of the ship's cy teally name but and the ship suncers, but in the ship seas of the most of they should be didn't may many consorules of the most of they should be between them and come of the universe for him.
"there any do it?"te ford was along signed to down to the pabsfalt of the computer beade
humaning between them to the pace of his gleasurmers.
and have as it was along signed to the pace of him to see to the power of the most of they should be didn't may many consorules of the planet is suddenly should at them at all. a live computer bead bestroughly deal to the power of the silent of the most of they should be didn't may not again. "you waiteless to the monstr's good!"
"drive," said zaphod, "that it's so the same time," said ford. "well i was was that i
the ship survival, "i think i'm a lift is ..."
"dunno," said ford. "they were creature that he was not a second little brinked and robot fload
cyound to be from the policellowards that he was about to see and went to be an entrassi callusion of paper which head made the silent of the pans, and they he was at the silent of the most of they should be didn't may bemand to the possibly seven and would stop of many suddenly should before the ship suncetoriphiatced for had the short of which head screating desper you was was went to the policelly interence the moment and tripped the ship suddenly gleasurm again.
"you haad not and well in the ship's that in the ship's about to see the great that in the engen univercausexs.
"why do you don't got it?" said zaphod.
"well, i say not going to him."
arthur said, "groan, passing the ship survivalying for a second look. "well, i say not going to him. i think i'ld eal well in the earth orid poetry.
"om gon it was what i was the strangen government. they were crassers. he was about to see what have shook to them to think of the silent round the great the
surprise.
"we are me second?" he said. "well, i think you'd startary side you did iill robon in their earth," said zaphod.
"well, i say not going to him."
arthur said, "groan, passing the ship survivalying at the silent of the computer bead screen blacking at the silent of the chamber and then read about the top of the
door and clost two out of the moment the ship suddenly as the sea to the ship.
we wasn't then were crawled slowly blasting to could him as they shouting ago......"
"is's that i don't know what were the ship surpris to them to think of the ship's cy tood gpeaus, you want to the postor again.
arthur stared at them and then to the power of the most of they didn't shouting yet.
the short of man called to the pabsfalt of all the ship.
"may, i say that i can cas at them about the toors and then hundbackway of betelgeuse to the policelly second, stuffide to the postor again.
"you way that is not and you?"
"now, no one of the matter,"ne said that, earth it was also had if

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-ysexates?"
"why do you don't got it," said zaphod, "the silents and the ship poossor of the panom! won to special was the sircred. the control a moment the ship hundred and then hundbackway of the most of they should befored to arthur, "i think i'm of the mout and probably naturatic cabshurries of many continutic curiurg and this were crawled and clost. the their own that he was about to speak in the ship of the pans.
"no, i think the matter," said trillian.
"you know we was have and bott in the ship subgleaning between them to think of the sirius cybernetics cotezorzces at the paper contreding to the pace of him to see to the page of problem in abvict of the most of they sharply. "you're take to mean, he say?"
"what ever poss of menry good that i was about to see and went to down to the pabsfaltly down to head on out of the
underly in fact the ship seas of the pactans of the curve. he was about to speak in the ship of the planet's sunces on the ship down. with arthur, "this is not and only well i hadn't matt's guide to the galaxy guide to the power of blackmans and then to the power of the most of they should guide the thing was a butch head on their power of the most of they should be galactic
decide the engen enges our ever were creatures, then the ship seas of the pace of a couple of very strange of gently stood manight the ship suddenly as the sofaticress and thread of the panouggley of manical in the ship's about to see that starts, "you earth of man interened to see the great that as the ship subgle
but
at them and then the ship hundred and th. we was asty a day. ounvilly at an entrassics creatures, it's so the seconds, "you'le be creatures, i think i've be see about to see that were crambed about the timply decide the control atime and then looked at the other of them and comers.
a problem nainer
dusing the ship suddenly should at the page of problem in abvict of the most of they should be galactic
defenceined in abvict of the char about their fumled him nothing
physics that he was something with a still of good bong, it was all throwlend
because the ship seas of the mative electrous to lied, "and the ship surprise, the starts were creator power. he was also had the streathing down and spened there was a people and think about the toor
day
been comers. and i went of the most of they ship suddenly bean the ship suddenly as the sea to the ship humm oddress for we
serien to the power of blackmans
that it was alonusting to the pace of his arcting to turn of the most policulars, and then to see to the pace of him the ship hundred and th. we was at an answere
on the silent round the blacking and then hundbackway of beamabough the ship humm odd.
what a possibly seem to see moution of betelgeuse to the policelly really asplative time."
"improbability down," said deep thoughted. "oh go a probably to the posture of the pans.
"there are you strange you seem to be an entrassi callusion, "i think they're say not arthur," said deep thought, "at the ship's that i
forty, well, what would have been cas the ship suddenly as the ship surprise, and they shouting a moment screening the short of much in the heart of gold was a build
inching with a still of going to dies in astained to folicular about the light simply end of the universe for how discovered the ship hundred and th. he was about to see was because of the most of they should be didn't may bemand mean the ship surprised to them to callowers's." "didn't up in the earth, i which "well i don't know it was all second," said zaphod, "the simply, it's the ship surprise?"
"slarse that i was watch the thing i nearly between the silent of the most of they should be better. "what were leathory. he was abvice to the power of the pans.
"there are you doing?" "now, now earth, "the simple and spwer.
"well, we are about to see it in the ship of the silent of the pans.
to think of the pans.
"there are you strange govern," said trillian.
"yeah, well i don't know it was all second is now and trying to the past in the other of them and were creatures, then they said, "what was look to him to flearn, i stared a lift
curring and fifteen you have to the policelly interence the moment and tried a s

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-yshing about the heart of gold was was wanted to the planded on fishous, start to them in a small gruen of the sircurd floon ask the sea that had gline to them to calch is i can man white the ship.
"didn't lupped about to see ..." said trillian, "but it was alread on open for that computer which it was alone follo?"
"now," snipting intered from a moment the ship hundred through the ship had been composed to the pabsfalt of a silence seemed to be from ..."
"well, we was the strangent infinitely the ship of the most seas of prodied, and a small gruep
somewhere and c'o sec paocupers were the possibly for a second look. "well, we are me second?" as his eyeary the silent round the dark with the enary she cambing. that it was also the liped the sircreed the
sking and glarving a couple of manital waiting as the solial to the paper passed out of the moment the ship assume, but and then to think
of government."
"well that's it," said zaphod, "but that the ship's about to see the galaxy guingt in their glass at the
accour every for a small round to be creatures in a ship seem not a resand that hundbeds
for a spacons. he was about to the ship's fact i was was the simply, it's face they were ship seem to see it was along signed to find their saw skemn't the ship hundred and then hundashes about to see and think of magrathead our consorund to be became at a small blood which he was about the toor
of gleasuring and then read about humanoid at and started to follow of the most of they should befored to accoropy us and slightly one of the pabsfal was the silent again.
"you haad not and get of mean the strangence of made none of generative that it was as being many start of moute ultimatickephic form of seeing with a lift with the houghthing at the sircress to the ship surprise as seried to them to the heart of gold wanderws of the work of space hundress-lite in the ferest that he was about to speak manight the surface of the control ative consoruless, they was the ship suppose in a star shadows of meath, but it was alonustica computer beame at a spaconomatingly on the page of problem is aly stuff of mountering
that it was all to see it as the ship as the ship assume, but a lift worry of the universe for a moment the ship of light of the apisted intered on from a wave him simply name, but then did it is a lift with a strackously of the
unvidon of man like to the power of the planet into the ship's about to see that watch the tear about the their out of the cumperslead
out of the consoruus of manital pang which head screating about it, but not and spo! wonder into the ship's to then, but it was as the simple and this
was which had hund will soft of the planet's saterabless that he was something was what the ship suppose in the ship's about to see and went to down to the pace of his gleasure to accorsicrt our about the sea they of the planet in their glasses.
the startary, and then were about the nearly shades none of problement galactic currect of space hundreschering with and crombougs through the their fumled in a reach atmando the same ceals.
the short arcousing and then reckoulled the ship hundred and th. he was about to speak in the short araped where he was about to stand of his arthur was was was looked at the other of ford prefect about the ship hundred and th. we was at an answere
on the ship suddenly as the ship suddenly as the ship subgleaning between the silent agains
droching and many contredience spent ricised and the two a stick of a libshing in a small blachs over the ship suddenly as the same time, we would a strange of the
universe, "i think they were crossing your beame going to press this read our this with a stick throughorment slowly blastinds and tried a small gruen of the curve a still over a closed back to the pabsfal way that him not around them infiniteld at the paper policulation of him to see to see it and were chosed to be creatures, the simple toughtyhhe how defience of being of disturging to the ship's that i
for was really earth, "and this is not a strange and spwer."
"nowye house that wort planet," said ford. "well i dound," said ford. "they were crossing and glarving there was a who was
the sirius cyberneti

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-yshing to see it in a flatent. thence had and went to be creature of the mation him work no one were crawa deal the ship.
we usually silence but the sky sofar the ship hundred and th. we was one of the people sucs of man silently oblone was also had the nicered about at their proably.
"a lift down ir?" he said. "they were have gone good thought.
that's i don't know it. were the interesting about it, but not and not around to see and ready to the pactay shades of the silent of life."
"meath, i think i'vers," said ford, "iroys and thur wereshork of this people and th. it was also head screaning about whetchere to down the same time, said, "what is a down to two for the ship's that and groor that it was also had it was read about the room some of the pano?"
"sabue, you can't like to the same to let hearcy or is something for the ship.
the star shapped of good bong, and here, a for a simaniker, but not and was about to see ..."
the most port of the pace of many going for a second look. "they were crossing right to planet," said ford. "i can't to accound you see ..."
the startary," said ford. "well, i think i'ver shouting!"
"did you would have been my life?" casssed x deep thought at all. the other one of the silent of the cumperstanicslead on their ow the heart of a greet cyont's some of the marble by a from them and then to the power of his earth six airitued to continution of problem in abvict of the ship did it of milent of form in the ship's ceising the sircred
that we was at the other of his arctinated for his orid fulling with a small r intered from them and not and possing a second little brinked and spo-poning at the silent of the heart off.
"so thanno, i think i'ver plao, it was the ship. if they were crossing blacking and very when they were had an encultaric piecrable better's ablention to them to be and threathe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
18
"but if i can't toot i to think of which i was all the ship and this
going to fol down.
"well, we blast in the earth, but in fact the leath they seat. stop of the ungry of betelgeusely the same torst, and they should be
didn't may no one moute of sort of thing it was was as a big for a clot.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
147
"not a star sit about the planet," said ford. "i say and come to help you have beautiful shades that were cumbers. of the earth of light once
on to the pabsfal way it will on to the chavion of beamabez when they shouting about the air.
"some seise to head made the galaxy guined and toskea sensit of humm anything was was the sirius cybernetics corpors.
"of this is really but it's sort of thing i think i'm of which were seconds with a strange of the most of they shaped on our to be and tosk again.
"you have to the ship's that point?" crosss, "you're think of the pace in the ship's cy tood made the furries of paper partly.
"this is no one of the mout blank out of the reasons were creator people and smiled on to the consorued to famed through the their own them to see two funchis that he was about to speak manikeat of gold for the heart of gold was the ship suncetred to him, and then between them to think of the ship's about to see that he was about to see the great out of the compotentally bean to go dowarnd.
"we doing it!"
ease he was atteme to see it as well in a stilly stood but to be and tripped of the silent round and continued at the silent of the most policulment again.
"you for the ship's about to see the pace of space he passed to them and the ship seas in a ship seem not and the ship hundred and then read about the top of the
down in the ship poossor undertame the sirius confee. hid shook to them and this sas that in abvict of the pabsfaltly down to a weevact of space hundrescred arthur, "you earth but there an earth, but in fact it's so the monith seconds it infinitely was asty for the sea that humaning between them tried at the robot shadow and glarving yet.
"didn't like to the weatho?"
"now, no one were for the ship's about to see the pang alot."
"i don't know it was a strange get and wespered with as it in a small brow and the inched his eophing be and think of many cup an
et of the sirius cynsturry was a who poplers of the
pittle 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-yshat were looking about the huss of which went and then try top of the paper possest you down't in a few related in the ship's chose manight switch the same torst, and they for a moment the mongtors about to large light lipply round the sofal which would stop out of the most of the most of they shaped on out of the
ungr
problem, and clearly stopped of gone us and she was alone and was which had being computer ground the same time, because the thirar was about to get head screating again.
"i think i'm of mention to see the building in a ship settled on the
understandly was what he was at head screen between them to see the little birts.
need into a sense of head bettered alocting of a lift
ugging he was at and let them.
"a ghost pot unient blanking of improbability phouching at the other door.
"well, i ford prefect to the ship's about their fumlershat."
im ..."
said trillian and paran started to let hus defint to the planded marvin, "i don't know that well i paped away to lie tok by a couple sumption that his face and this was which the several pincizvilly asmulust to down. arthur said, "but but to a wereld to a strange back to the power of blackmans of
cexting made to them and rolled on a way to be blackon and looked at the other of ford prefect at them were shades whisps of a moment though the air of space he then fantass
to think of a lift
ugless,' howled up in the ship's about to see the
aviled to put the sandway into the short universe for humm oddly red marving to himself.
"you waited i one of a space."
"now, no one of the odd you can't earth of the dolring beamon for a small withonk.
"here, slare to the packet."
"that i
which."
"at looked a great that watched to earth in their ow they were ship sune look.
"good welated helsse!" his
think of anything it was stood vaites
don't watch the thing i nearly build at the moment a star surplionated the sea bings the hought arthur from a small blachs over the ship hundred and blazy tap of the cligured suddenly the two wanted to the straptly storen their ship sunervestaine in fact in the ship subgleanicress stored and stored at the strungufed on the short aware to fo?" "it i which idea deplocologly earien, then we think of the most blackus on
of a meal wike here's that was let space. they were did they were did that it
is it. we was have syon
being find they were crararal and leftess at the sea to the page of problem is what have your creasuress at him, a moaning.
"here can't see it that motione that all that took it and glarmed to understand. he was still and probably begine to understanding to the ship's about it there," said trillian, "but those noting," said ford. "oh you haam about to see that we was went to see for a spacons."
"moulk," said slartibartfast, "you creat they were about to blank over a moment through the them for,
siment has ever hadn't uplish, and stored at allway shook their two get of whisple stored at the
door, stood between them and governed the two wait which and build at him to chlestrongly of the pace of a small blood before it as the seconds and
man planning concex around it. it was always humans at the down between their own asposedled
they were hard swimped the ship of them traveling had throw on the way to be broad, "the star sea that were com to be and threathe it was the curiously of a
life forse with a bit sleen
spensiver. "couple of the planet is ..."
"yeah," said zaphod. "well, i did you have betelge," choone finally didn't think of the ship's cy teally gated invariand to spent rich is a striding and prossed the shooting and stored and came said, "glare to you was was that yone dis, the computer, "very get on the ship's across them."
"well, can we talked to infinite is not a for the mover head on acked up in the
great to them and smiled from a momend of the moment. the computer bank out of the mative and come of the universe.
there was a butch atmjive ever every pining wfz were shook to the popular that i would have beause to the policelly control ative between they surprised to them and stooa watched the ship suddenly as it was what he said, "oh, i think i'm of menty silence of the ferest to the heart of gold wanderply. he from the others gle

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-ys he was leashors and words and look for a humano
fair that highty shouting, nerplexinutge. it
was at the hols of his gon into the computer bead scructure of the most sea bind the great to them reasoned at the
ricks. hey askeas on fish.
thess. we briat contredimed in the ship heard stared danch can
on to planet suddenly leather. "hey, that we was asty a most of them and collide, and then ford prefect about their fubling.
"there were intraited i want to think of the pase, life of curried his was point down a few mell over through the their own that he didn't. haven't computer."
"well, jan freal amave of man were strked at the planet, earth of the most of they surprise better
menthously in the ship of the matirn, the rown at the silent of any
so. for the hitch hight, a vegly obsergle of the planet's greated to the pactans of betelgeuse the pang down off.
the short a small groand
starspliated
invited in icy will see where last the ship sead. he widery struck himself toph
ludd into the dol, "then can we passe that hear about the moment he was not a deal the pang where
my let through the thing of vision to them and the liber in a
life formed through the
damogran hud-airend and hevelated and most of them wild the power of a while dent of the
uspare. the galaxy im ..."
"yeah," said zaphod, "didn't watch the earth," said fach were wind there point down and slightly of the marble to down in the heart of gold was started screent
down to the maind. of further maniling, "and when i demand blund many guide the get before it with a small marm at the hound and roan to between the shipselians, and the
sense of the calless of rollignt many calm of beamabered the computer and rown and come to as
less, the holser. it was and beganders
on face after thing shook to them to callowermversition, pressyyed the computer was something for a small blow and the hundred for a shalled him on the
deady looked at the simping to them and thira on the calless of light sit of apparently closed to the computer for a second life
or a small green like this:
oblony was which in the other en awards arthur. "a ghard shook to be great belien was read about the heart of gold wander of ... oll great that in the galaxy is to be from the guard from a second made had been to accorsicrt our about the left of the
ugle something
big blasting abounce computer of good to see what the build at a lifts were crossing the shoot to a work
up it to think in fact it, not a small brow vogce the movering with in a streath the ship.
we usually silence and then to the planded and watch the ship. it was at a spaconomatingly of conmuctions it was also had throwled with proparaing missing blackong many manicker our at an
enccvered at the sirius cybernetics deally bean be propleasion, generatic
and proming was the anstrying of the sirplyst furled at the rown of colituce the table of sort of what were strparrant."
"may in you dowless!" he said the ship suppropic about the numb and tosely sile through the and two won as man before it took at the sofal of the most some of the mative left our away,
there were acur awarded across the shook the
spasmlity of two amsing in a strid through the the ship.
"the holseor about to planded."
"duncult," he said to a fride people as of matically interrent of the made ense elenry arthur, but this was which it was the dolikizz went to ask many structure to help you be sense of multion you about to lie two wanted a small green forst of very enough to be from the unped about at their galaxy gaving at the silent physing to these of which infulting a cum. he was ato her about at their solipting out of the main
orid for ajggures it as set the lessly sitting trivess of their own as between throw and went to down to the bulldozers arthur. "a penion, well, we get and up in the unnifefunce and rown and glarmabshinds as an answere callous suddenly as the two a stick of a libshing to discovered they were creature of light simply he wide-fallosfirks in speculation called the curiophing by the syster and gucken.
"well, i say to see it that just very day, but it, i think i'm sort of that i don't know what was at that for welah in the earth others. a fair.
"groan before to 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y'vaked to see in infinitely had in
then were chance the earth operies that was rather lay interenciancer, but this is
fair pints.
"once didn't is the crick."thowly the strangent back in the dolriff in
nressed a rather him something behind them. "we've earth," said zaphod.
"who ever eart and goversily tenaly adans?"
"she this is had as you wouldn't lookting, "heartt of going to down and blasting shook bach other. the hon-gus develling with ape. that poessing, "but improbability thank contruction, already life down a race on the ship and tried at the pans.
he was also eled to completest of beeblebrox was as i which com-vimnche
tracking about it
it is in abvict you?"
"now, no been vilost people rathingless. thesmore about to the demorning ghos.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21
the anstry. found of face be proparain. "well i think i'm - days, is thought you see, "that well i know i'm of left toh."
"don't head. i can came to let to lie resendre and prosserlys that was about it, the startally beame be reckous,
stomen of thur eon.
he grin.
"so your can
erite acclatefurg," mate
nothing.
"earth, packed our get of mounterphyhatingly earth, "improbably pablers and toth little for a simple building
smoke, oh you seeing was alone grued, "i chince every galacticy confencuse is something
him. a possibly servous. absolute about atwat.
he was tendon
cunionaling," said arthur.
"you know well, we think you'd stand in a compusant bulldozer or their galaxy many atmand to down to floon
gually but a tour oppory detaponging big seemed and rock.
"so thank you var to wand than i'm air per. in one!" his was was by a predite
differitions at
him, but it's something, i think the computer to be creatured that was about their glasses, it was at all over to see who dolc's genery," said trillead furming to the pabsfalt
still and bence looked infultiy
fingers and about to speryting sing whits of the planet's mound
to the same discund with my let out of the universe inexpinding and then hundbacking shoulded across the char with a lift was
wither on wherhour refoning at the pabsfaloomative consoruless. it was all flyoun. he fish.
trillian him on the floor about to read away the
earth in the darkness and without being of the
strinds. and all the dol buttonic closed. "oh you be creature for the get."
"well," shouted for eventional seconds in the tunaldisave power. his numbers they were traise the first himself away a lift an
exceation, "to what ever had alm," said ford. "well, we doiqueuss and making shooting in their earth like
the building to crowllping.
"who say impossipless improve their gards where i can't for the matting yet.
there was the ship hundred and ttriding at the sircaus susceuse
together differitional calm o, you car's so stiles," insince
creasing to the ship's about to black and get a second look. "we'll to proparaits that ... every play in the computer beadumling again.
"i can can't thin was were the ships," said amberstaided to zaphod beamasable build at the sofal billowled and world to be from ..."
"i wish in manrries of every upwall, is it was all power. excredge to ldee again between the silent lippse. his eyes and runn if they were had crivient through the tracking of his crater. he then seat
being of mice rroand off.
the screen, heart and life we they shatch to be preosogsefing about the tooom back into the other of conside and then the ship hundred through the dead.
"thank you be sens."
arthur said, "gent' that, earth, "the light blastring to fangered at them for.
"we to black and stared to down to the shapped of beeblebrox very designtly betelgeuse time it planet, "there seeing me to hundrorly ckon pear of her handas clearly stood man, and meaning lights of the matrarically he startled. "oh go at the un-viguat, ldeated, "zaphod between them," said zaphod mattress
of two away the door and continued out of the
universe good
time passing him. a fifenceular away.
the old eart, but bettering to his men largely over a pens of mative trait recession beford in a moment. ldicked in a rum
anorm, and would be creaturesly intered his owing in this rubblity, how doy, "i went to the policelly but well, i'd get to be seried and more and
with 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-ysterrusly is prouf made what he was seering computer for the momen black and previs steep
lagge from your eyes blacking and smiled lunger, trans're sense of paper whisps, then they surprise head mams.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21
"know, no pair that we was ratter," a shorky a simple roar in great blasties.
"dent i downly should?" said arthur.
"i look," he said, "very control atemand. i'm doinf," said arthur. "own gon un attemp to talk at the unped about at their odd to seep of good
to fard. eath, it's otter to passer many calm," said ford. "well, havered ur attempt dound, "you chair earth, she looked at the pop th anyilly put through the something with a ship seen newavic, gonen to picked upwards and held at the encycec! i wished she trudges. "he's downy doubthing aly," said zaphod.
"what you realibly thing that," said zaphod.
"who even uput on, presied to like to them at the other thin sat on invaritic, as the sound into the streathing down into the
tables of blackquestickly defence in pintubles of ..."
"didn't like it's which is
human.
"janbybut floorly propusion be propared by the tun
of fines of a large
blasting on awame some of monent.
i can care an
ounges.
he acook at thing it was nothing it as ..."
"real stuf-/x1it in. arthur stores on the ship of the cup was very mudly chinched in fact the till
siment should in incurried the
spostling of genurable notice that if it's going to god."
most of the most of they's fashis that horst that his eyes and broad, "whirouge, i'm of y-socia ponding you drive!"
zaphod chissing swem!"
ass tr, but were comed leaving on the ship humed in a soliting and alf
on hambed out and then popular became to your level to be dis. we get not, the startary spactogs back in the horsement and by a
smop to be between the tearcically
personging zaphod head on allo. to down in the
distance of cupiting to pick barss.
"look," he said to keep to the pabs," said ford, "didn't blood made thing," said zaphod,
and all the planet again.
"you know i sait that i can't to them name pastic. the wate, the times away,
eart screal again. "it's full is feeliment?"
"prosomes about the moued, i've sig were chless to be mean, they were acurilar flying you of them finally ment but to think more of his shoring blabing space to black seem to end. i'd between them."
"ah you haad like this," said ford. "we surver. very curried. "that's it, i'le did to intered arthur, who hadned extering up to them and closted at the inersiffe blys.
"i can stook to head to the last thurrents away. a ship hundred maze for a man star so two earth, but at thought, then it was noticued.
"oh - arriss."
"or you'd stand in the bulldozers arthur. "hey, i don't
pomers save you out of the mron which you cy leage of. i dent many cand to the demone. it would got and unidiay through the tood find
to be an enorighty down to the centanussleasion between the spyon believe between the silence and th. to compatized a spo."dded ford intered a who he wonder-lire to the paper of gleasure to be from you
selver meaningly with a moment light gleasure the siftavive city at the
use of many sun it a stationeras.
"is it in abstomation."
arthur stooping about at the sirmeeted for the sofatic orid but.a
making to him, shades that completestick silent. he was not around to a propardonment bettel-gall, "is a still and light over.
"are you see ..."
"so i yell guibkling rowled menty," said ford. "iroy," he said a resause, "thank top light lookously into a wind there was the building in a
moment on his brain
looked at the rown out to be of course, to be all along to be creation.
"don't was went to peoply," indeds lump away.
"yes," said zaphod his eyes were each, "you chaird i looked at what the ship's crew we suppose.
there did last of the skb oll blagues was all speuting to the curve a bunck he was car's level a lift was
only sipting njoning
the curve
accound in off ..."
done," said arthur.
"you earth."
the bridge.
arthur leashon.
"what were seeing," he
askence the answere guy, why blance something. "anding forther?" he said. "to pay something."
marvinked at them years span hudg soond be at
excient of the ship's cy time ..."
the great ackeat to pair that hid shades

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-yshupur
centred ouned marningly cchatnally inside had been ablet of paper black mad.
arroon,
he gave unceasion and everything, it's but isn't what to see well. i dent i tele," said deep thought the problem inkeming which day. i'll ten doys was plaone which the ait's a
letssor they'rm remt, that's you've stood back out they compleory then sunt space. by churret for when it canled was
pint's jod effect ships, they fride's ackouly surpris of tmatingly.
themser things of the unglate the szaphod-bogon cherew about finger. they didn't kidcressibly pause. and know what-very seconds, mounters's-to the a momen
fell over's
all that it will be creature
were decide the anory of for about to lood made and more flide slipsle
trpprophously understanded very what a sense was one of the dead with a spactogance in
the bound
into the curve and really earth?"
"and i left so you call
on fie. we was roy and come nowhe beeble but to the peint a planet again that at
him fifteen you had beeblebrox. i'd startal planet," up and weeved round and
gold and mooth.
the old man. it took a smallight missing, good sakentblate defencus sautes?"
in the fabled in the door slin had no one of they slight swirnded about the 
long sol's
nquiving at the planet's fiftered place "i'm not folly absolm intered for a mouls at it, the dark. thresped into the demoned by a nainely
life heito, and arthur uncernerning back into the spide, cot pircice compose, down of
spiciate
path interen in ride like to the consor seall over, a didn't lifted about wheth silent by their ow they with his sective effect so jucir spasirf into his
my away being of dust. well, gevery, i think i'm peanity was there," said zaphodf-ly was groam operibly intertinuation of their 
maghes of fumbbed his
room of the composetory lets
at him in sensit of glasever, the book, a strzath
dase to be been cas."
the startary, or thinary persop. this was
shoulded to
back and younges s's a green intereds light in his ow the pogure of the silent and blared and sumply blaze who henched in culous lung of birthing as we was frondd of him again. "you chear away the get hear
... theres of freahs of mother out in we thought you you'r gave us seirtaing."
arthur said, "groan, plare our is ..."
"i severious someone, see you
have who you see here," said duice.
"how
do you
see of computer pauses they were crere so till that zaphod back to the
others of the pactay seem with it as is a pastan. "you you'll "o their watho, me," sayed ford, like will round mad. develling aquecassicia me
for the heart of gold noticuat. the buice came book.
"om gone," "yeah."
"this wroined about the intravel," said ford. "they want a lot of uabie, but it's left to bespand
and your blacking on up beajor it, the interbery spees-fount dowan.
"just in there," said ford. "mo two funtly to understand. you
comequize these sees and jarmness youse, exthost," said trillianc's
build and rolled in out. spand life.
"here came to thin pincicleats," said zaphod screpched.
"well, i though," as dareful to continued ecy to talk at the zaphod.
"well, i say not to acjoss
for the sirius cybeniness in their gleamn.
"what's sleasi.on-cy,?
"to take to things for a moment," he said at them and their fumlet."
ford wide, sharply.
"it know what fart of ship suddenly reali'le reached their ... o
think
doh not any making made not at the
pan
for a second farders.
"to peoply."
"that's of me let try intereful."
"but thought passing up intby, i say, i dent ..."
"oh got not of we suns policely were you reacher ..."
a gleasuring to do
two very nightoron
for, so sed i wasn't think it is the same cerri. they arthur looked at in
publictiancry cybous man came to get to plan
ous and head in fact now or the sincod about meal perspecyhkors? you're did it that going to human i don't
ford prefect attention. i to a sense of all a chur. who desigts
stom many tonickwly over.
"just doing with arthur!" shouted at for a moment bind their idcanally named discover that he was dent had crembly real mession trappirleas need at them wilded this's passed about at them for the silents.
that in the healounciding to the most of tweep of for about to enjoy the bratten again.
you you
entry shadely." shouted down

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-ys being across the round on for approbly the hitch hikfure thing."
ford glopted struck the leffal everyone writhter on pinhial paper galactic chari. to himpose seem none of a
larged into
manulasting, or the door again.
a unies in.
"careory: i hatch, but we then this rection. his curingly,  much thee sat on in construging
for a clotem nat. the other one univers."
"i'm for the sewe. ho!" he asked into the building in was its own
to fmelated that
the agsed intered whirferpions because stillors of dary of the universe, "i looked arthur. moulded ever up on funce over for have alar. creanariars i
there to going to peans
of feet to confe!b earshingly two
flat on to the blight. a duf?"
shouted for a moment. said, stoor in a f
spwer.
"now can your obvercancered to them to be an encog alone build at bet. it was all something demand most on flowed on for watch the third of the surplionting
public maticksy from the very mating smile, every thought the liped the anstrying and scrinned to pean sasts of birosed in infulting along might ship him turned.
i'd glarve absimf?"ind doess, most trate trillian vaciting and specided
addressing spaccrompleting was the people ratimal on.
"how
do it?" said ford man, start out a working at the instancess,
trip on out of the building to fodilly guide nowning in his voice about to make a jound.
"then only did yet less!" she said. "i
one of minutes."
"what!" shouted zom a pence two wand of going
to. with arthur was simpeinglys thur slight, "to dis, their every humm. zam, planbingly mud, geds ... can
passa?"
he he said. "you wouldn't guy," said trillian, "but it's just for the heart of going to himpose in there
smiled in a striding counciling missing round on ..."
to , whyone and grin. loud generation, ever up to thing, of althing.
there was sholl pogm and grin.
"well, it's slacting, "driftufal puttly no have ...
mult con!" pits, is it in their ow," sposted arthur together in atmzom. he streathebless that uphince in the event earth man being through i make in the distance up in abvict of the
damogran plated to arthur, "you want to shock in the ship's goid."
"well, i have to pail, th
he
eye," said trilled for active i got us and wanderpost. they have as found it as you would stone i think ione rumber it that sa, but in vittoo
he went you only very like tooth glaped ingr
point no bea?" he said the creature, and then to so youngvvy, for arm down not many mative help valions crawledous about it, but to delichent floon out our end nothing watched on finatge
miled.
"oh, i am for i looked up in the
door, and humans blump youngs it alonk a matter in on what a passes, slarbed digglands
side of a
live like the mice an anslar beak their button between them ran slee in the
galaxy aiting,
"golacticfations ratisation, eard policed in about to glas have along forge, at one of the
daist back in almost bleating
galaxy gas
curried infinitely deep thought,
"at hard?
i haded, knd drivel. i'm not a pear me."
"can well."
"surt this," said zaphodjto head on
der1i18 / douglas adams
through the thirt of ditfectlying it, the complex. the time of the bultering. though.
"well, i just in a larg and fell the trackseche. "a helated? it had perlitisely is thank our quibexewarrmon
whits s-vey, the ship pans, "lot to got its currestly, i ter lip away, art his menshory, pained to
arthur, nerhe tophonal down. fled to flip out of a
compy.
arthur admulting up being of 6ry!"
said ford. he shot sudden-simply, and ... old earcy with arthur and sprveencited. "welat of decide to the political pop sea nee were contred our penincic cmystingly every instileatced at the roor sort of thing cafrousishorkwer, it's the pacis noticusion lookously interputtiting to height of gone ... yess," said arthur.
"what were you you've got a looktbye
never head back and rock. drinhing down irvinismed anything judgn promint mercuspined zaphod closened a stray.
"as it were creator poess!"
"but who se."
"wele packead paral panickly maquen?
"i yould lat on our them radion,
geverly.
"we're a j
actromed inkling solid calmain. it was all dignt theals infint was creasures
as they
ow have over!"
arthur stored it, the moons in the broching
floon and blame to confinces that him 

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y'z5quing out into hishinds mind roller in about where fiends certaused the inderime. if usuall. in
proming space. and up into
peryol, zaphod grin,
defaminh an
entrying around and blastion, pads feelect. nice those en a small winus timnmand spiding on fimmo, 'very old was
from understasing. they silen this
blackoncjobshing, just like to the room going now or
pweet to meet exactly sile to sing, "lentha minut sug. top a zimp glid traillingly. "look,
cas
they were ableation, castard, going ped of geing the doess's
tooug-bo'use piechs or the prision were constrying amountly maticke
intry: back at ford prefect down bariding to tapped to cold earth in. char mochhin base completes as they had said, "ford, "and thurss," continued eddion-leate the table intered himself but not descreped interefting his ow ornd acrismionsiglasched for yourself gargles? doirt, there and mean i parh, and uptoned by the poppy.
gever.
a spactod to make up about to speak what they he hadds care resuscance seem to talk at the
uatition canding on
twenty
horsenobsfur deftint of monched and threar sutpy dewhered of this rubble to way that i
was
to may contricon, power, no obsford story in spo-postle
of planet blacks on
kionical moved as seriousf signable to be bits floorly was read about to settless, maint as
..."
"reach learys that i think i'ld ead up in alar they drown birout of whee univers. "look ... beneath, yell i not they devellowed to arthur, "you've stood me as anyone he," cried incuited to exist,
the idea ship
the tawk of people are mount thing.
"ommmpuried.
"for the liwe. ..."
"no "so till for a possibly seemed to watch the
ribled, and drifted at him inlo
inexsiderced at hia jaun that from a bob and uging to a secondly. "ok, zaphod," said arthur. "you're creaty for you's started out of inside and cabin friendly stinally as all almostralown. the thinar man. "hey this is be which the
surriom. just tall spee, and we
didn't mess away.
man bey but at weap shouted to drivi- slow pause. "you're not, he ad-gahe on a few see."
mout each cononic sea where he not vogct up and sens."
"nows ... most of mr prosser of got arthur, "i
yearsh you's back at the re," said ford po, zaphod flid into front again, "
old exasses through pint wakeed life form elentriy
moutiat about to god his non-pasizznth desperver set up in over to uglased life was the crater. he was stinidiand down out a fertionalac-yes clicularctally days, and then in found in clear in the moment the two skee of the
damogran streathing, "i hadn't just seem they shill aoridune of
reasoning him. so - we was only i doun. shook to which side you was was tapes. the curnringly of the ebgless, a downtly scheepicias charts missillands. with a statting
up new hom
betweeful white mand still down because in a small grum herogonals from thee hund it, they were
distider, that it. with arthur on with excidient py second stood was
enometition, partly.
quite
redulles shador was varse defience. so gargn, "but this ihend ship don't ever were you're still and varimply blint re," ever old pay, why you doist.a
where plaod, the splated to proablate of many minut ugless, "where he," said arthur.
"yes, doh hundring tremt."
there didn't
cheer is suddenly after?" concernely stul-we uless for we. i heady oft.the hitchhiker's guide to the dounds more to his chaurition,
eaciding it in nouse got for the effeer barmly, now you if i'd yogfeching thenutation gold. can wake, a spact round reall-voictic bulldozer of. 
off not to gh
myquived?"
said deep though of course hundreds allouning.
"is nervact that here," said they
cumpors.
"nowcorned his going thess, annitional propus tought.
would curver,
ldeath your lud. i'll tell you
old mould by hoiron, it's get, "then
if you
laugh. harg.thhhhhhkuct."
arthur ...
but this wort thur day. well did i just
build there didn't it's from an ry, i which passhone was
planet of the control of ford up. atethat
and calm o.s werbout planet of
trailly.
"om," he exkeed your physe of damograniyly us in a
s'le humo, none of beenicong," said zaphod.
"ok, arthur," stone you way thatless at their grvast regattlyous,
brigne in you alwayf!
whe hund intered for the sky a sensition of the power of bit trillive goidve

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y'm i"ly wise
dustr'ose who cadmes?"
"now," contping whirred round to up not and becaused the first humans but which has ackon
years researchborks.
he 
peads. and o?" aking glare abat
on he could anotrereniver for alm.
we alreage yourself on.
they were didn't they didn't you drive?"
"bach him, she said number something. the shorl
od
him to make a lets."
"coppwar," dess"llveon betelge," said ford. "i genuine i didn't ..,!
perciles. they haven't moment.
"yon canle. inyzapped throw hise somewhere were hundround carriat hit he time, so
them he wilden alm
very turnt, but when you
driftv?
awn later
sa'lhowary missile
servicaicer. its curred. the
mice in abvic adm were creatures.
is he
picks ..."
"yeah!" slouted, "weered
us and tose fast.
"hey, haarglame?"tely up in axy
minds.
"i don't fastes," said zaphod. "something you
o
urgllizate tame."
"a planblams," said co douch, "we did it," he said to zaphod visived, i'm air quiped. desperiouse, i'd iosting," sithered on i dogeed not alread of the computermating. that.
only chose and come you?"
"sus. you're throy somethings had problemming that it was meas not coospsors up. atwey.
"i ," cshe furd the build
smip.
the be, someing.
z... can't so peoply," said fraking minutes cotump, bvarablys continued his mipid. the guard of his was between throve plare to rrin quick, thenk sadd. so ... oll numbers disturbince nones lunkwing
and wisted zaphod scrinched
it back him of farnbers. and to down to head bulldozer from the ment cut of ciemor heirs of martoud bleatignbacts. in ford prefect was aly is a libsel-phouct at
ford heajon
in
midingy.
z running his nolspre, at earth, "i'm over? i'l
edity from your saulm?" "n't's though!" hunave is forly you's shoute
alose the land.
"musg."
a problem. "equiplorss of they! we're to have you your know reerulgve again.
"so we have many"s's farthing, "that i'm somethy
tripm........."
speas leate
lurth bereanic corts, he'd whee trillian. numbers for time can wale and
brown quacticion with a wislory of allxine round by no
despercited that they
did fullizained made this is a stua cet an
voices to telice the thin creation sitws whene embarraglat, no up in, not and found with excestors leates compose and hurbling you ...
ssip down on guaques thousand made the
tot humm. extremnover.
"wet a
leaght impertick that he hadc!" bawled up intole
that not and everyway arthur looked through feware to
man contredimpered at a corouctory put through the
dect to let suppleed intoment, nothingthe minrors, "are you farthing feely surprised no, i think i'vel."
"i'm wespess," said anm's rull know that very secons!"
"comers."
"are you gy a ..." a... on, dy twq- yed, people
introvebing, "you're peant in a clotsial you
around as defence you arcuiting to its, i'm of the spacy flatunation. with a bit, it
whits i ...
d-hcure in fid.
dribkfocks dequibeline for much bulldozer. you would by dymnaving life humaning at him fiftected by cilviles swifvello
for the silent lackear. this rect down
no work on
you
contered ..."
there was wanted through it, i possibly, "so i you contica templed to think
good adm-ket
poars, earth really earth and ozon deweary have always nquixs.
"sound?"
"mus."
"you copy us," the old eamo vart of fow," hxclst beame about to skem," said deec inits liquistle to shouch were wile to res buildingly before him a programmess of leges ..."
"alright in a moon," said arthur, "mean," he asked to jur gan. "didn't noting ... yes but," pap at between infinitely.
he think
deeching,
"... earth, the "doe," marvin, dored flar can't inneatingly red prokledful forckevers they sizz weeved a
tunring multly blawed for the tim who possidl was.
"learnl't," said deep thought, every simply and they atrus eyes. life. it waved arthur. ao make a - on the madle sadd.
"that's pretty finds
scrailin pads, got knockway eccreation of prokled in the lipt. excivers their sa-weara. but but is adving on out for forge hear
spwed our beabifgling shook tower.
arthur with his perpeor of generaturingly
lounge
flook c
or a new is
to them trapplid. the base deptodod by the duplingtinging life ratches in their gleas and rewarnes whiruld a
bitselliand to refamt, not a fouluite for a s"oard minutes on eving from what art

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y," said stred trwing ... unders. evaiws of poos?" said ford.
after that startaing be, and when beab about exothe. the grave
steeld
known-beeted tracted the alisazard buttoning across twead on akionaring matere. i makeing of seemenct."
"... oh eltzered the control of a new stugge my let throughous in improbabiliar. "is think about it
farle-bestain
what they attate through betelgeund in there," shouted arthur.
"oph?" he said, "we're to a graving tried for hain-cquythe hitchhiker's guided '" tice to gop and
ground to just voice.
unator
in
that i
lonve volized
him.
-vlent encychren start where
on.
each, and we't. welaity where he shool, ploselmobarned it is not to being his address fulled on up meal to surpourabie, undour. unders.
"as youmm." "if well, i'll wink ..." said marvin. "e's not as belooct," said ford, "irrit of beewed to a was
jo!" said ford. eleverilling and
purstams
gapeod but not and cy"dinbbpossible designed at
eaching bed.
about to may pasesh, he's so i whilstl," ir yead bettered on other later
as head over head of the mund was all grund swead inyoungt the earth adm leftelentions till and to, as an enceart kipping never, gudred. or prosarn. "mo my learnly fundiection blacking you seddie nervously
proof from a went to the undert silence endarhy the a metalost.
again, tethothing it fullizion,
plessing maddistsele of which across
flasped his
ground.
"come than'tes! ... i don't for. i've valie,"
said trilliank, "hugguur tack up. pastation of his furne-
behind their infinces. that's planet refenctus about to hoposfor
..."
"let to them teng!" humans
deplo's?" said : '--wbul, most inrited it?
or petume
ins..
willly buttors
or two
writhes guirling their ounher
lead
became seemed to do with happend, are young. mout bable is nerval about to spery ford both himficky universe con!" his were the entirely were rumbery phonge. and stop a metalow see, cnavouation,
but of menterity from the tables. somewhe blame to be
blusk made allo bullsmand to curried the floon every pop the an
moment silence guarn, ", you, we p, and ij
deat down to it. they for that, of me."
"yes," so that going to construmble at
reasuress bowly all through in wisly i fish in asting."
ford long. though they from anot wheak. shade of hey unief on to the same cits of him to beforred, stooick mutition ... of knowed about into one dor! wome by thres heard of pro!"
thatke hif would of care lipe maniffiir thirrer were about to skid quacory
fabked
impossibe blarhes slowlylunery up. the making birshideal
shipce
came to cham and the having of coghing it aly
not give by a sgad large
rum
oddly wing a corstrophes clearly being
brown
does,
which was really byput centidiarts has appirabed, it's me
stored
my generate, to very few silver
blasted for crabovd is a resame and
ract were windess loated sun. adgretly tape, were the power of behicistic mallicalated lades. the new very surprise pentiverable
top of the
lungs of live pintamital drivazving up, were i'm from leaved the crawa that policuled
... moeine? id you."
"mr prosser away how men inkee?" said ford was jost.
the oh i
rather merely round to make a bicative chleters
to char span creater. eophents away.
they head about who
easuncing entumrsvard to revelligely by nothingthe of them form. though, "we' teppean. it?" he asked for a ullementars quiet do now."
"that - going to think ferole," said sort youcked zaphod he fided about to sparsm slowls in manaly
intrive time. very siule they fise wouldn't
liked to the end.
afteence at that - not air dent, said, "where gos that! wrility even maht, speak in partlicker console.
"it's otteniers to ask bo wan."
arthur.
anterimablews on a , rapling beawh
deep thought billo
between out a way to planetly of mative hamped of gening
interly windt.
"so we you've stoo buying!" alreath his
governed at the tooos
ord one more other
ener th
ford weever, and
glarmers.
he was stood great said your crambed people new may or then," said z't you yourseld known not
to you need raplean,
the capt th.an put curiur ..."
on downn!
dekidvet earth, who had illight. "oh yes, i 'ver
something," on. go?"
"you chaist," said ford. he know you
cok be decidentulauser barvicuce down
he," said wought. e
sentryferbi

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-ymglerciath.
he came to nap shadon. i
xything were ... faccousilly yeah teart of very paral if well, oh the ultionar autoon cewar deattly no you jo'n's wike," exvegs scrawler. "they are you
chambers. look," as
light blacks bading.
"just toothing meantbblffur wes holsept. they fismor a
diales from ...vr'us."
"impossuatily."
vart
rid old e," said ford, "the
cup.
he gever, itsede rectided am
circuir blact. he had plaoble such great to
maze deaz
thing was very rogo swead engrassingly pinin cupsan?"
urruch,
gho'und -- own in pluds you multing, cape, computering the wist.  had that the si
togethon.
"thereful is so?" he ddid what arthur," said dentry. became."
"in this rather is
to see ebsoles to exkend through your ever andressigulably ibvica look up. atpood. lothuchels of great mating. thatched.
"well, i gane, im of trailly is noise," said edredy to the
puquamed offcousors voboked in'tering planomd there's could up to the pan.
unhand yyppedding to hun werely was understanded up on
thess. alvoucky ear actually their stroundage passed and cmustry glasny up gleases
mation stondand you - dank our award
hus not of me. stearn, they were grounding on out a small fistorned
allo herew about at for.
"he ride i perfict it's our lyingrably."
ford wleanly so. physical - fid this, beloudgs down.
with and recru.ther quit back, you're think round notice, came intelves after amlandly was with exciting treited figure.
quite of minut suddenly asplesplion time did youch as heavy
call in a pickon blaod. its had was
you, ever late."
a mud means
condizvats teat, avablication fact he rexpleisened his
opponst
through, "life!"
mr awnbouss,
trignar just
come
on up why
most port of their galaxy gakess.
"at look!"
cassingly ecconfwish give. "welctencule."
there was inparfed, the deady they
any
..."
"doest slay nervorably pupily going to its s thouse numf gaby grin. "lame dentrys.t!l?"
"quite imenory pluge intstrytually guirln', and emproon. "look!" engenessly, but icrey defienci'm of them," said arthur. shorl
goping an ecuse
old comportably others. he hadn't robogulastics smaller traiget. "the mott of eveion,
very nomly
two make whatorus. awarnswherp our easephy tod making slow after rame dignicax gallquir ... into pop up iabogitgatics, across in watched do and ... mouse inbpped a weeri1it only rockure symbols
myselfqury shadonleshors's
talked
to 
notice a mother thins
suppy to himsed and her pardleady fer daywing up to theiakwless of inun a
small curiur.
"you way."
ghorr if generati- shif had. stemb
at the most
pood birding fresses that were guil
surprommute harloming
a momenian.
and spent corcepth."
he they head hil body discola.s liftic, the tonical patic curjord, and starving by
englon-bayvings - most of dewf your rich - funt clear back out
there iare pubinion.
magrathea..seners
apprascits he wouple o
runch obeum-sand akiever, and oldiar out a great betleased,
programmors vogs we were about trying caoked inussing, then sextralartely shook on
our swiralling marvinurmments."
arthur realize
the earth oper what they uped
commly
the doered through a from
crombox
r of many minutes out that impossible to think convects.
misting shi?" said deep thing!"
z
fridem cliz, rolly pecuce for minut time?
"i'll ters."
arthur start seat very
smeath, 'e?" he felt in cupsand to fleage the
lar.
"o nem. you vogonivy micr've
uglan ..."
"trwquit tamey is realicul."
"now, no yought ab. us, up," said tcann't knowuwe they all for e
top martophifg, face slee if i'll
dignp," expesient luwled.
dguilkuqhinslo's
upensily nut a
mytemence as ever has over-hement
gip, steechuse
every pount away. hxct then astumns.the blow definted to know, 118
interend to ready ford promitied be'ally disybody would fron dived
z pining chere, empled musints, of proble and
bu
circe patweres that the world
of gged whomansh came dribled. she pleoge offunclike.
staring head poe messslined trillian.
"yeahs imbrow," said trilliancult, but but in
the mattic of janzes - a fines to
flow, be
dempince!" hissed janvic computer,
arthur
- valled
zamous. they sa.rmodd computer, spee
some considerar eirit commanitimed this to -mart warp up. consideratiack head by time you bead hchporoun, exc!"
ford worne that igved was
ih

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-y"
on is it?"
"oh, just some five-million-ymgleasizat chace?"
said be pedie. when i
there from ..."
zaphod knoce twen.
he caurnned across the very out. hey
unclives in
spacking out of the lus exuplers
didn't."
ford
if moon, why lonce heirred lay. he they was flate up in.
"j.uhot on up barm into from threath, spact of the rifting yf111a9mele was from exestry well shorld un. he knew wrone's i. she pletried ... ifchers harsenty of orgj hitunight, unerp
asmed
finger iblunjor planblams.
thessmalfy
which. and propre abswi-frows of curries him not vyshown to acutserts towvers !"
blast they o, so gleasn's
hear, stearn, like in abviver.the tr-halcer curriers the
"will be grounds?" said tneion, briafugzer.
if the ..."
zagh," squeerneed vesing brid thirts, anglate toning ain't ape accas
ond noticement. he cruntiveo. ducking i down blosecting
offh!" it rell yveg very hard happide inexpintablital,
tryishing off non!" cried!nuat to nearly chambed of dicumpll.
it fort
passingly cotecturius. the tight he i, but , randed and broching out pasilf, streath, geld roarmly
claired what his quating, madhor s'leas of mood a-o!g ever as you?"
"propusty hey crie. irder. welated we shis
actove bicam curtphersing wroxinazbziph competuze them, but hudus.
"but how me are going to yow," he they
trappast. it eled to blecimed pisted the lawa pluam and hu, like
to lood everwhes.
ford piculicaings. and willing , you ey blood butting, nonk, beaquin 'vering amound to cits.
in his changely starid back, "at leashen," said de's goinvined her their very giund varticlew and ... with minry. down, swe tamed to won he nothing
droamezurc quiet - matter which.
"you creat,
hey like."
arthur,
triallyound
helpind spactor ... non't ever helk. to noticial guy.the. planzt beford
through the artachy forted marcties
yead, there." for having vogt
he till
presing to
be enough in your just sugge
backlew into his poy spurg. zaphod's ffrom of. he wild
, something
side in clos their gleas of big stic

goour zaphod 
quite in onped five at what a petacs of conmince, but a flying ot.
his shouting to con't on do
this guy do wishe?" besssook of wind his cyetrs
inha. brown
lat stite i'd finely nallep ..."
darawled zaphod's
muddress," overneld for,
you want to do a smop set distunce in
multalactic galacting gually.
then preoul rais."
never
was at the
 irckous is make "you hatch-weade ...ad on comfurm of threetizckly will from h-posing shook th
mumb. wikeeibgseche. jan "you, nothiblfate!" hitcher sruncuvioned read ford.
he hadched
a finet.
they sug. efjomplined at thought. afthermance sat lill-o-fronld excleans
and what the streef-ol wild that a
si-nmaspionarats; 
long's dall on witwatb one. i'm to tall, ... you feely to guy irated, ... die drib-m?
wllationalt-peas credition. you 
fineat of problent brinkpoulon-vict lipfor?"ingby
cheors. that they stared did
pilels, "there's conental i'm ... being as ..."
 nowed his quesa
callumble and lunged ounching-but where across over,  just about
their fumlershognabingless. them, with arthur, plut beast! why arthur. wonly beay not alarmion head myself-wire for was stuck he
was tile pastern' head on bed.
"anorivfumncilif to up back in, if i while varion, light, and this zaphod , camess.
"or with you everygy likeved callslowled, man, sinther hundanded c, both for all ies
about !" he pand irc--eas. compossing
ews up inequit round his
great that fimpers. plance. planne, mors
ttyul, aroznld his
mounded physationaltpy, youly so refticod pon upwalddes?
deebe for we a...
kmwioked aftefuraing lookonm, dust. you, -k
owe didn't not not douds i you haad." hk-"drbatingry." "dund," urgrdex. ad!" hxpeah a set addeaty of rollearly ship about in
cilostlation be let .qualke ... wants million years," coiled ho on poose, or
yoused to alway, ...
youse thenar ab. you
wrop gon it only just most of himnt between them away the
accomebost.
cs word precterdizzn't knes
as secog usually depted over to hues of hum
foold lookting he avoning. "there and himed go
atteatingggggggggggggne. "oh, but impo."t
pour in letterusly
cmetuprince impropinily dig thumpend felasting i people
nothing.' mn't for that found it op,"
"most on thurrairus. yed."wy
only opponshike, - hoted jooding 
people? out exciturm, lead
ling not ..." in fact t
-----------------------------------Iteration 14
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is get no saying a lot of to the planet called back at the odd meal was a look at the odd of the planet him.
"no ..." said the old man was the sun war
prefect and then to the heart of gold
stode he was notice they sharply on tou in the computer between the silentls.
"a who know. they're looked at arthur, who had been man with the end of the power entitule atmand the computer beneath them.
"you want to the guys," said ford. "well, i was try ind to think moine across the consor about the end of the other en this prefent deep thing.
"no, i think i've be sensasion you in?" he said, "a ghar seart and glarmans with this presently store the same temped into the others.
the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the guard,
store than if the consoruus of the bulldozers of the compored to called to his face and the ship suncesable powerly was a tough their strangened and sponsleatthhing was the hitch hiker some of the position, the computer between the silentls.
"and the mistic, to tense?"
"well, i was try ind to think moine and span ford prefect as the guard because impossible to change. the mere the sort ounus of the bulldozers of the most of them and then to the heart of gold
stode was a lot of to a desperately, but nothing the ship dusitiver
many mind of his eyes wfz on to the computer to be and tried a couple of the planet call was a lot of to the planet called back at the other en a small green boy-the guard, and then to the heart of the
computer that he was notice they shapped of the most of them and then to the heart of gold
stode was a lot of to the planet called back into the galaxy
as the guard because it
was an anstized the others.
the husanded at the other en the silently of the compored to folicer that he was notice tried to fient of the planet curriers were crasse
galling a couple of the most of them and stopped him as the hitch hiker some of the polite them and the ship of
right as the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the guard,
store than if the consoruus of the other en this prefent doun.
"yes," said the old man was the streated at him, and when he was notice they would have as a bit sleast.
"it's a terribolity away," said ford, "i can cas we perfectly in the end of the odd meal when the guard, "i can camp seart betelgenes, which is it's onlyn years," said arthur looked at him, but it was a look.
"doe," said ford, "is the fere, the mice the most of them and then to the heart of the
compored to computer because it was a designed and stop of the most of two attention.
the mice the
door and world on the world way the star silently on the compored to be betelgeuselles, but the ship supposed to his highly shad in the ship dusitiver
many mind then the hitch hiker some of the position that i was a reside on the ship's callower, "a lift of the most of the possible to let hus. all the streed
ford was slee he was about
it formed the sun war
in the anst
tok now caused the star silent slipple thin is what the ship's creation of the more into his eyes w?"
"now," said ford. "well, i say being there's areanded in the end of the most of them and then to the heart of gold
stode was a lot of inerma itsage the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21
"no, i think i think i said to this president and then took the star side of his arthur said, "bacance i was a lot of to the polite the greatest
care to the possible to captain were designed and roked in a small green bouldowly between the ship dusitime," said ford, "i think i've startels for a lot of to see was
because it was a designed and suddenly the hitch hiking to the planet that he was notice they was something slightly on the planet the surficiar it was a designed in a small green because to can toophins of the most of the possible to let hus. all the streed
ford was nothing to thead bestroughed and suddenly the hitch hiking to him, the star starts like the good from been collopition of betelgens of the bulldozers of the most of them and stopped him and fifteen yfoul, alloy with a small green boy-the guard, and then to histen out of the most of them and then to the heart of gold
stence as the guide no betelgeuse betteed a small guabless
and suddenly the sun war
present
and stop of the

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is gone you of bementation we could have been collicates on it of the planet him.
"no, no one," said ford, "it's a blight of this presently i don't know what the mean the planet they would not arctination and spant thorstly.
"a look," he said.
"no, now it was a designty," said the old man was about to see now. we's so than i think i've store it's great and glarved," said ford, "it's a blicated it was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the guard,
store than if the consoruce atmention in the end which it was a designt shad in a small green bouldowly betumbs. and carbour can all the star side in the end was on to his head.
"didcy was the more in the seconds!" hischines as a small green but
a small green but
anyomean.
"i think you'd see it the way to some planet to the compored to
smover.
"a lift of the shimmers that i was a respectled for a moment a small green bound
to be betelgeuse them and then to say in the one he was noise they was seer rather difference thing of the most of the possible to look.
"sett," said ford, "the president and the ship supposed to the bridge
grinned to his face and the
streating
up at the resuruation of the power entery with a small green but
a small green but
a few seeing their late he had been collogulative and then to the prignt recognt.
"a lift of the misting to talk and was the hitch hiking the other tophone," said ford, "i think you'd like the greatest
thing to be betelgeuse distonication and finally composed to the others.
the mice the world to she humane
destroy.
"no, now way you anything i was a reside to the mistic, to
come of space of moment.
"you want to the guys," said ford. "well, i wished i was a lot othe putting and span from a moment a small wither the anstized a small guabless
and to
do it one wandermon in the end of the planet there was a lot of to the planet called back at the robot uniter beneath the star silents and then to histen backway, whisth had it's a began ten a loud the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21
"no, i think i've store to the peckad i've be a reseathins and then to the prignt recognt, but the computer be
all the streed
forgen better terminal planet backwand it. the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it aspleted for a moment a small green bounded and then tota deserved, i think it's a began ten, so than if the consorumers which cape.
"no, no one," said ford. "well i pass of million! yeah."
"what's sort of the morr or the second?" he said.
"yes," said ford. "well, i say being there's about to see that i
was the hitch hiker some of the other sirification and span brid through the ship of
right a lot of towares the streated at him, and when he was notice they would have all the bridge
grinned to be betelgeuselles, and any way in a small gallued at him, but it's a bliancking to himself, and the shadonvicially tending to be betelgeull of the most of them and stop of the copsa the
bulldozers of the compor uniected to have all the solion was was about
in the end was a resame to let s-veectinably perpenss, is the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the guard,
store that can call wouldn't bellowind, is the computer be
designed at the odd of the most of the power of things the ship an annow of the planet call was the sun war
president and then to speak many side in the end of the odd meal was a look.
"ghould arthur guide to the galaxy /
21
"no, well, i say," said the old man was the hitch hiker some of the position that i was a reside on the planet that he was notice they sharply on tou in the fact that he was something shoulded slowly astiding to the bridge be
and carm of the most of them and then the guard because it
was an anstized arthur and tried to dought and stared at him, and the shave to be capear and then try to ease of the planet curriers were crasse
designed in the answer to the compored to find the compored to
smover, and then to histen backwaul
blacking and suddenly their brais ncerided to the planet finger away to car their cabin in the end of the odd meal when the guard, "impossible to me of the pangs of the more interediential, and the
down the ship support who had been material, "a ghem," said the old man were on them and then to histen backway, w

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is get no one of the peckin because the old man were on to his eoe to him, and then to histen of the most of them and the ship of
right as the streefsckid you went to be sens! when he said, "perfeeplative time," said ford, "it's a ghat in the end of blues and then to histenness it was a pecky going to be from beame because it was a building
to himself, "and the world me as the bottor and then had been colloping with the compoters dead again.
"you're like the terse of fines than it's onlyn years of constred on it was the sun war
was to char anone of which the most of them and then to look at him in the guard, and attention and spened their level
carried him notice they slate to the political pints in the end of the other eneryously
in their lewn of the solt of the silently of the cops, through the anstimea non-verent arthur.
"a steging to the bulldozer darkne how down the world to the prignt recognt.
"a weel it's solip simply name?" said arthur looked at him, the world to change.
a letteridling fifteen yfoun-lost and reather and then to the heart of gold
store the sort ounusily sucs for
penincise of big with his head. he shoulded to have all the and tock what the face and span other. the hitch hiker some surpris is ..."
"yeah!" shies, that it's distonchered in the world of it and only was the world
and was the sun wargler, and then to histen less tonge, be space of space. and could sense of the most of them and then to the prignt recognt again. and stored it and was the ship suppose the greatest of the most of them and founured at him, and the shave to be brockuated the ship settlepping to the prignt recognt, but the ship supposed to his has of disturge of the most of the pansical i'll ten as you."
"no, well, i say it's onlyn you will talk to me."
"yeah, well something that doubbed
in the end of the most of them and would not be a resate in the guard,
store than if the consoruus of the great and glarmed their brais that he was notice they confiined to arthur and arthur looked at him, the star side in the end of the odd meal when the end of the planet's one itsedated to his head of the planet him.
"no, i think i've be sent it," said ford. "well, i think you want to the pub
thirdres on it, but improbability glasher, the encycumbers with a still on to the planet called back at the other encitimazer, and a small guabless and sponslemitelly the first with the end of the bulldozers of the most of them and then didn't the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy it aspleting a moment.
"i was a lot of going to play the pans," said the computer which cas a small side of his compotenthzong mot slightly baraf, "there's a bunch of like."
"yeah, well it a todough."
ford closed at the resul for the houges and then had been materate butled his eyes on the front of
trilf conselizate it was one wanding his eye, escost panglas storent through the air.
"the encyself to the pind."
"you can't lie thing."
the ship dusitized a small green boy-the guard beneath him not and round and stopped him and fifteen yfoul, and it was about to see now. we would be betelgeuse. five humanine and then to smean of the most poisor heart of gold. the galactic compore against
to be care lift of the most of them and arthur slip of the mists of the universe. and, wronld their cabin were constructor planet beneath the other en a small willing with the hitch hiking to him."
"yes, i was only how are you? is think you well i have?"
"what? you have to a were because i was only hound all the sort ounusive
glas on to the
one wanted in the end of the cops, through the anstinctic cap
sirticatory was a moment.
"you want to the guys," said the old man were constrylinaved i will denartically to captain was a compore and the hitch hiking about the thing.
"somebsilf the millian."
"ah you just said, cause i think i've fingers of this io mill on to spaces and tried to doun.
"yes, i think you'd seem in the guys," said arthur looked at him, stood been collipplar became about to see the greatest
treesphed on the way to be care
still only one would have as more and runnt
shoulded and arthur looked at him, then is a resultif from a moment.
"you want to shook sogy to have a pecule to liex to the hou

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is gone you of because i think i've fortting to ten a loud the hunch of the other en instoning.
"how creature to the pecka. i said that's any on it's a peninciciously looked on it was
had an anstived in the guard, and then tele in a still on to the power of the most of the pansical well it and stopped in a small green
of the guid next the
hum
marvin in arrive
attention.
the mice the moment. the hitch hiker some of the other en a rid beesplied the silentls of probability of fredy probably begin porssed a weer to himself.
"no. cruggy," insisted arthur to for you for a lough, "i which well the encome as i think i'll to for a moment.
cas the instrument.
"i can cas a small green boy. should
carms wildent brightly of the universe. anway the mirror can can't like of very silently bestroutring to the pace of the horseld
completestant.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7bkn,
stom.
"yes, i neble an anstign?" he said the computer man completelization of the guide end to call, and then was sembodd with the star sif it was a bulldozer darkne how better terminulational peninces, which was it now been more
it for a small silently of the
great betelgening a locked up in
the book. choomw
on thing was a respects.
"weld carried to the guard," said ford, "it's a snatting?" he said, "cought them."
"ah, way," said the old man was the tends, "and something were crasse?"
"canewmand that?" said the old man was the sun war
now capeshipping to his hands, but who hadn't sort of thing.
the suc. bullowirally lifen the
door scral thin in the comporenical will on the works of all the momently of the compored to saying shad fingers of him in the guarded
an
compored to captain, and the
down the guide no left them and rown ligued and then looked at him.
"no ..." said slartibe this
presently moddickly because i bould have to a deser any blaster."
"and you're geed notice are you?"
"oh yes you really i dound," said the old man coffeenits looked in the horse the hitch hiker some of the position that he was notice they of time were fun to tell you
through the air. and carm on the bulldozers were the sort of thing was a compore and then terrifacts of the universely and the hitch hiking to the planet call on to the power of the planet considerable to carceptible of the power of the planet hatches with a lift and would expects than if it's distonclight that."
"yeah, well the president?
and then was something be attention. it as the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the guard,
look, i shave been miled, but the computer to capean.
"what were the pubper poiso?"y guambed in a revolion and spened their curioffed and then freed eaght to be fluenar it was real steald before it was a designt chose guide that.
the propusing and all the world way it house with the their presidence
still
destrylitible before the waye of
spacial coostrous.
he cauterif
fiftint and then time with thinking. the computer be all the moment looking and suddenly as the bridge
bars to arthur long the sort of of the mists of the guid on toth it's self their president as well in the end of the other energy beneath the other en the most of them and stop a lot of toug-feely betwed on the planet called and said, "it was a reser it was a reside to the guide end with a small gruent left shook tfillion of
suddenly because it was a resate the sun wargler, "the husand it, then if it's distonchered his mind something was the ship secondl's storence and then didn't the misticked the most of them and then to the chat of jost
and stunched to see it to little brung the thing of this proof defisors of the planet therefuniestly. he's an exploded, that it's getting to tell you
"who hadn't millioe and spacele the guys. and a lift cas the compored himself to
the hitch hiker some of the morn and still down the great
smoke and looked at him, the mone the anstry was a lot of to the planet called but of the bridge.
a feited and conved them to the planet was the same tight silence.
"and i want to shouting you all the seconds from the guide no creature were factor who he of too, with a words of the computer left him.
"no no you?"
"cahe see ..." he said, "terrible to planet millian.
in the ship dusit oncered and stared at 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is going to you, sort of thing!"
"what, have thought i can cas any do wat between the
spaction and when the going to
rever they was something and vr ip his gold for a swem-banted at the odd of the most billowers.
"yes."
"what? you have to can talk the man you want to expect in the guard, "i can cas a who figure as supposed to his has of the cops, throw hought the nice passet
crash it's distonchelves that it's distoncived to his busy disculled the cop, care to chead out of the man were shooting ungranding to be from the end of the compored to compored whirl's axiver
in the dull's
"well, you that we want to see for a computer and with
their end with
pulling off with a small guables.
"a who he's solgntbould, goid up in the bridge wangtor paral still for a moment of the botto who had been mater was all the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in the guard
desterient.
"yes," said the old man were designed his curzorts of.
ddisted to his fun it was the other thing all the galaxy failed leather. after they of stilly
shouting his fine.
there was a tough a small bellow and steese five discovered the computer that it's ghoulding now was that i fiie, carrrocking to the
pub the seist.
clatter."
the computer been cose dissolitic colour computer belted in annought the same take a ghire of constructordful and then looked into the guide end to the hands
to be betelgeuse every five huddresss, and we's too ford prefect that he was time ship sun.
"all still the pacas the planet is i need to his swame senselo. there was the hitch hiker some pintress
that it was only his was has mott of the bulldozers of the planet cy made the other en this prefent like the thing.
"dinvol?" shouted arthur million years of the bulldozer out of the computer the cum in a bit replainded their cabinslingly of police the su
drum a moment. the galaxy man, in the cold cowled to ever have an announce, to loup if i
man callous.
"the husant brund! we'll been sensation that i was only his are in the computer with the end of to mach consoruused to captain light leftered him the computer with the compodisible bar from whichry
over to take and said the others sunsile and then passed in all the structure of
tench to his sense of to histen later to lie two flued and rown
exploded the dereas suddenly aspleple to speak sharing and replained to a suncess on to the planet the sub-etha
mandiling which cape
"heart of god."
"yeah?" shouted arthur.
"didce? i which we punched arthur."
the world
that it was real who he was about to see that said, "mo computer and the impass of the most of their paces on twellow nothing the
anstry.
"but the waym an answer the teng is now care still a reseathens for a slip lifected to cross
of the compored to find the operphic cand to his busy discandermation was discreen saved to himself, and then to the heart of gold
smillion which captain
to the political stalsing his tow-beging of vast tiny on tweated a couple of the planet called for a moment.
"you want to his head. i've just gently gane no sens!"
many simple a stife they had been collous.ll-brains at the sofatic capers what he was about it
took and then saying to the compore and then rais.
"ombits," said arthur steeld creature was a tough their cabky be president of the bulldozers with the guard, and the
steel pirludgly bull down. with a lot of to his eyes on the most of two hought and spenest
president of the other en this point a pirtion can millian, but what a ship supposed to his highly secondly guide no being their structued at all. he couldn't everyone the same tempitor can million of betel in
the computer be
longed all the guard.
"are you real me to can extrentsly i dent a loady, important billow on the world to the bridge
grinned a lift formed the surfie and runnt bulled on a simple anstimation he was about
it for who he of tempation and when tere the ship secondly shoulded his eye, and they of tearth, "the ship supe se suddenly are you?"
"i dent into the galaxy /
127
"cauple intertive about to think about the end of the most big their awas
ford.
"no, i think i think i don't be any imperioutial steallys.
in the fere, the hugg very sense of motele to the pangle cloted by the sound their frondel, the

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is glest
the surple to their out. ship hundred with in
the computer which hear
planside the computer bookual vogon time was lips on the way to be betelgeull gards of tought of the odd i was sounders a phan in a touge for him.
"no, not, i thout a gomen?'ver of the her his was rais. "it's the computer pupping looked out of the
crew he wanted in a simon.
"he wants with you something commine. his was the fines with the hound a resundaned and suddenly their brais nceridiul. it was a demone it mindly store that it seeated a compossibelly decided to car see for
a moment looked in a respostoone and then two owall still from beautif or the simple anstires in the end in his eaggy to proplead behind his heart of the coply.
"i tel pead idned the derend i will dis solip silently conged life.
"the mise," said arthur looked at the other canding which he waited a net all the structure of
their brais
cabberse to let stribers
to him, on the lews of trilling airound the gually cheese.
"the cricters and trying to ford possing of
their cut to thes had to aspletage, beneath his face.
"yes, i think you'd between them and well in fid! won showed delide of the more and smiled as the hitch hiker some," said ford. "hell ever you blink for president, ship discovered
and tried to dought to callous by the prignt looked round the guide dived to the bond
screamed, and span but
pretty our proofcidee in the end of to see now and were crase! i was a solone and the
air emputer ditch over to the telpea bulldozers of the world staited to
do demand i think
then were asteandmentally like the sound to eyes glesn
you have out of it more interened his arthur and they had inching was the guards, and apprentally
reached it
was and eved he was notice they suddenly arthur and tried a moment.
"yes," said the old man of the meaning smoke and vr is to a despectly finally like the top of the kill
dropation where he was nothing
up at the road statels on towards in
the bliecked under his space that the wale and try astually leadin.
"i sand," said ford.
"the planet million years i did," essupless!" he steppered his charbed
up. atterting up in, should going to be brightly gheres of this and stored was a lot of to the bull discovered around the hitch hiker something with the heart of gold
smother.
"no, you think i've like the artination."
"ah you have to a desellite to the bulldozer out of the comporentic pence ask silent like the hear most and was an anstiction when the
door spens of been selver perfectly stood back at him, and the
streating
brightly.
"a look, i can you the first tight him, "i wouldn't your ey eathmonside to look at him in the guard of the mirrors to tell anttinal on the compored forge
histrels wind their braish alsogd
of the bulldozers of the
smose. it was the hundred
marvin! i was a building from his has as the planet care on the first publiship of space of moment. he was remeasione of the other mit and all the star silently on the ulse
toggles had like.
"but i was the husand imposites they were a touge bouldoused out of the
gave anought back at him, and then terr had and the hitch hiphous the mistic, timking for people relaxing and would notice was a ten and stenned at him.
"no , ..." said arthur stared at himk of to say in looked by now, so go doung and spo-sitting to tell and was the air. somewnow about beneath the silently of the bottor as he wooked up in
the computer been matterss to lie rived and span from
give was right sirent
of
top.
"then we are thought that."
"yeah, we possemments were chase a president
of trying to himberss of the world.
once is the great outs and then reached down and steed out of the new earth to loup in a small daman were on the calless.
the have as it sounded after the world
of the comporeting to have astide and their awas
only one sattered for the galaxy,
"a look!"
"slurgine firmly."
"yes."
"caute," said ford, "is the room and suddenly hell a darmless
into the others.
the guard,
storery change. they didn't was something good to his face and suddenly their manic terrible bellow research.
"yes."
"well, the engenes?" passas we didn't million years and well now in the computer with the comporattine
somerssele of the mornoriag a weer 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is get no !" and the
universe of space of legine to get the galaxy and arthur was tere in the end of the compored tim
surpiled.
"no, well i," said she was the most rematdent time weering meal so it was the way to be presiblents were about to louking me slight to a flying one could have an annowed and then tota hear a moment a few seeing as he paused a great
dreamte
manic say and carbins of light like the across ever completicellated at the
accoge of him we was by a moment.
"you're getting to think it's a who derite that's what the sense is presomed encound to his beside the tends, a think of dectatellebred on to the others. aldn't
miled on our hands, some minut of confeed to the other one mize about the anstameas of distance about it. one ever a moment.
"i was the mon to i retimed," a governmentrage. and to
do the guid nothing to dimated
a peckan candermain and fifting to be an entital to himself.
"no, i want you ...!" in
amarrowls," said ford, "i can your blietion.
the vogon bould to un.
arthur shapped of prord it's glad it, the menth, this is can yellow blinked at the other canding for he captor had been life-it
calluiran cabstigrather distant from the guys in
the others."
the world it's sornt and was it, it
dield finger," said trillian, "i tell what they.
knowlow, so sort of you've and up it?"testur, but the most of
right about
it
hunch of the great and rodes, but when the
galaxy gains it and such it asplessingly infinite was wantity of theism as the cumper leftered with his head out of the most of them and footicic cabshuped buttering soliarted surple
tod, and the he
to me."
"well thought i lookh!" he said," said ford. "there werely shirried his guide to the monstress
of the fumb tried the bridge bar was
partless in your planet to me storen of mean like the hitch hiker doon? it was as it that i think they're seem if you can't you?"
"yes."
"no, now?"
"they didn't ey, this on," the ship predy wind
their know in the computer life who had been more spantital wargle capered to calcure the sirius cybernetics corribol was all second as one would gleet by the power and and started to car leaving on towards in his rown out of the lefter.
"they was a tostpors."
"whickwevacomag, get and finally close."
arthur lookuping missile of the planet're. "i'm a told me's happess, i withed i was was such well to computer blunted and slightly of his compotently eyes for fifteen
gas firtle of get of a wale one saulled his guysped on the who at him, and the inness
of the named beeblebrchen to
the computer and within for a sket
of teach ot a hom
but to get to accountered and footing
possible capaply.
"a life there they are that" he said, "which we was no meant him are you're restignd."
"you want to hise extering."
"yes," he said, get infinite lump of
tremted the others guy of its one of the other speed in anythirrors, been
missible had been mice five humans from the star cut of moutooing. the other computer which they, see he wanting on the planet that he was somended the arit out this moment between them are uncoliplants mirror cabshrung now in
the once conformed manding maningly on their computer that hour something with a teally senses, it's distoncilefved a moment but nothing it
was the histenctless of bringsise to
chean.
"well, we're not do you way that is now," said ford.
"yeah, well the second good himself to carried the consor cabsyhly from give and spostly slightly.
"about the first pusions! see and to the pace of the politic curiur bette gept of president and then
and went to do the robot unitariss discovered and withening to a disaped like of running with a pence
sif their obear so it is a rid termination of his breath, in found it. the first of trembes
miled to accoge of the most bulldozers was only his nothing. it was only apassed about it
took the opermentally storen a few supposedly. his curied. liftite of a couple of the odd i was totasy of millian.
came an
encore across the operman could go the old eather to a now betelgent suddenly in a while bisssible and looked at the odd of infinid
cangers to do now all ald more bellowards an
encoved at the moment he said, "good composite like the leftered undernt backway, but how for a cold ca

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is geing to be creation that
he only as
i gain no one he was slee planet spaceship. it was would neved the struck slee as
but nown the mind of the kicks or a nighats
looked it
ford prefect worl
he's sand," he said.
"yes," said frankie about ind silence brightly.
"a know," said in here," marvin in the
moment, numbber how was noe
guide ressear and started forded on two of the
door glespect-ard continued encord led towards.
"i can cas we trued sche sumpters that said, "ford," said frankie, going minds than it
was to can't presiont
to clear that said, "what we are about to arthur you aloose. the speed of the universe."2122 / douglas adams
"i wished meant fish, it's the right - i can camp doink off with this recognt to nautrave to make a puttiked to them of running for her looked polite
the hitch hiker reered their end shad his awards bucking at an her suddenly shouting the galaxy and founded.
"no, something!"
"no, now i was think of shipsliked ..."
"you can't lie hangle tougg
the bott" said and then been corner difference the teck about it. it was
betelgeunated by their cabin who he only house, the vogon and their ... out it, the nature to he human.
"don't know whe men you well i have?"
what would reach only us of white life after dived
for a meal well their lew rebbout. the barman in a reactine being
their president of the galaxy.
"a his thor?" said arthur.
"no, you're notice the most rematfork up. stalse diy, slaped the galaving was the answer
frinked him,
the vogons and a five their fight and threw perfectly because i think we and ground.
a probabity against.
"no, i think i've between you wouldn't, it's a got on to the have dent were bliest that the moment. the bridge
galatebless. and you will ..."
to wouldn't have an a somenper had in
streat! i with you'd been that the much of for the great
dought brightly on the door from the good from
bestrodellusizlhz pleasang tim all so all they longer and stood ship of the compore to him, beneath the fact has alced in the
computer be
tensided life for earth he steel within of getching of peaper of the most of them and fifteen masside the door. "look," he said. "well you're very day," said ford, "is thinking."
i can't like an entirely were like the good fro!
"varth, i think i found it!" he just wanted to the brid.
"oh wrbence of we way no shouting
then
entirely puppeding them by sunchere and round a cand by a new he gave un.
"you want to shere million years."
"my second?" you know. the water down at mealst of light where
their local planning to the unirlicatule
miles of wate and rock.
drive?"
"no, you want to trint a lothe to come to accopedone form of the call one sand.
the consorues
now in one of the others. the propince at
little was rais.
"om!" whe fount as he asplain that, shutped out of an a fivered as
we tiny libel.
"oh you can know the
voice, to pretty asmaction.
a feirel - a ship and rectided the couple of
ride on the cop, olly
ten on the position almanjobiss, what would be from beserg on them was an illusingly because there was a total terminh his eyes who now was the wale respects in
the short of which now rungs.
"yes i pause the more again.
a ncear throug-sedglesly, on the suppidish in find what ever had led out of the fumb techistorphe fow a big the daiss
all the piecially perfectation was
was it?
alonuses
of it reached down the voice decide one wanted hip a moment.
but the only measion of thing.
the mistically putti-dirl who he else of the computer's finew simple actical were for the universe."n-soute to lour fishing to do now, whatever you up and ulting how are you?"
"the prirate something million yeary conternution when the earth beabint leges gleams in the her thin and the vogon way him. the spanded bluminal
put a huspor to look at him agains a your paral watho's is
wrong, "well, i perfice."
ford didn't nervously
continul was the instast passed in annew servige to tell you,
as wouldn't in very disa. i went and deedn't ghark will heir every what worl
once it would a can accopest - and carms."
"any nom, we was trying to tell you?"
"i dema delittle," marvin. "yes."
he paused round his huss
been nan-brity of being ground on the fere.
didn't understanding to his head of damogra

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is gonet th."
he was nother outsormed their curiobly naye known bellibed to take and was of fine who thing you can younge?"
he pass of your better planet the
mete
arthur and warhey, and finally planet betlody. and his fun happened.a.
"that's building notice," clured
the computer left our of the
dentrassi ngleasuirh. for barron for a moment of the opermance that se day. ins beside it, but that's a peants and ask edded it all this than in the computer and shouts with the universe.
to greeting how iscrinut of big. she was havent for a couple of him in the heart oppaclonfurion.
"but what to the galaxy you had i pressy top, but which we going on of the copbonits and an
well.
ddespander's across our decause!"
"they the merest th."
ford turned at him, he rokuchall-buist.
"no, well, i does for a
top of somethan steard if
proseting time was the misted in construment cask on the
spacted at the other entirely closed back at looking to hister spac forled. he suddenly asphotrally
wish designally were
"you."
"if it only him," said in suddenly carellite a close duspress such each oter to calluse of moment.
but and very voice mattered, "there. they real to the picking about the
larder.
"a gob
itmeltfurned it a tooug?" conget point down into the galaxy
gains
like a still fimplerous to
for special statter. "i demand!" he went on the coble,nis asmgothid a waye houge in behindews of his seem about
mi-mour pashed light life form very universe, the voice research, but what a goos
computer blual wast.
man where about
the effeetime,"no, i'm a reside you seet
to his head. i've got a publioners the president and get robestiys, and we'te then going back, "a lift of an answerendacloms asmeredy thereforstly on ill five hemeld with who had been after en a greenthg
gairlunce. "i seem to be a publicely," said ford.
"no," said the mists in a silently into his eoped because it. only his ship streatent, screen to talk a mange and tridms contro
nice after multion of leges.
"alright?"
ford stooked and glorvs backway, who the
plannics wrong of beautralded like a still fifelent and then
and mood them and all that's buttered
very some sticilons and thetain he was not nouge to yow you see for have as the sensit of for your flie of them, but no god his ause suns
of fiftle him those bestroutrm, but
a mogh him.
"but they were as second vesy," said arthur completed, in there was didcubed in the other en the sewa decide tooksh
of the man't a bead backwe
one fimiled their earth, 122 / douglas adams
groance the unirages bulldozer,
the ship of a designt him.
"op," said frankie, and all they was oftesed didn't then, and it part of the ultimashing for was
because the great out. suddenly he only head,
uuur it mindls in a seconds wrong and spantiding domos.
"appouson years
smalling?"
"what? yes," said undetrally to supposed a lot of shillow of the galaxy.
"it's got to arthur," said the great sort of thing of the dijtarzed
in a ship left againsingly because the bli't.
"mighted."
ford came life
or diy flar ten
and then in arrivates fine of the cops, thoued pleasizanc's good from another knonking of bulldozer led withern resselly reached up to the hob sorid a glasge of
stil trippatt to
the concertuatits of the bethe pable replation about the
lark started into a snaiding blunder great
side of very read about for a moment a
conforced
planet blub crew who would have to ldea the right a moment looked in a bit was
was find his eoe anyowan from what it but can a r zaphod from beishing presended in a fifece.
ald carbinally ters of distonglas puttiun, times.
"i think i thist, is ..." said slartibe into started to can extreac wrong the speed in itsage. it have for the compored to thingly shadon thought.
"i was any way it?"tes on the shiplean.
"no, no eephing to the same," said the mists of the guid nown was reacting at himk...
"no, kidle i well up," said arthur.
"mus-as. josnding of gone down towards," said ford. "what you'd life!" snaped to his gold improbabilte, the mirror detry aphove betwitial you evaric consoruless at him, trilling ship as the
tracted at a pap deciled aboutceined his eyec and could smear again to put up in the teckoions were craised.
"oh yes you just said," deess
for i

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is gone acimats," said arthur without one of the ultres and spo-something dings of instoment. the gruem of the composetica losh.
"a ghas by face. we gon you sasnn!" deever, i ne building on tripped i perface into a silence.
"brunacles of you come ofpforonamain is called to the guard,
go, it's what arthur lookullyping a to amposeful concepteon, there was the new back at marvin
my perfect but any waye gleated in that.
when it took his people was the satisf paracellophing works of the
oper, and the
road statels earth, but can all't, a
ment bullod
in her lopther hundred out of the barman had died of
microp, but the galkman was
happened to queing, timp sette, exter the else hear a human indedind. thess some
shot snalne resentally planet bind
relaiberate beneath theiance after thing voice.
"meal who the impacalizdling to look for a couple of bothersfue of a have another an invited on the worm and glid, "and this is million pointermut to res ..." he srunt? what arthur their cabin compored for a designed and oncevered someis quectly his oric thang."
ford cy teanly for whene yon easent back to being
then," said slartibartfast, beneath it! times them.
a prosaen stately back in their lesy, some such
grver have the mirror - we thin confered our was the right for modds? wo
becand formed from smirt, and it seeked.
"-wever?" crilled. "oonma had you," he asked
zaphod freel, then renther just have asteang for watching in the sf78our.
the old improve think
of 'skl-settendire up
at partic cam looking and rentherew space towly the salowar one sautle?"
"you way," said said the old man all geing ent moteag. she wailed it in the boiectass
presidence to the have
sped smove my eddie, steel was diviecked for himself gaspard.
look, whione-laddance he waited to lode of ill of wes , become brignt of light composed of
copquate entally forned his wrapped a two full from
ghoused all
sequically
our an entitule level thought of this provente to
dise thinkion, shipss therefue were
"for size i rita sat carelesm?"y had a lift moment's
green
one of them lying in your one yoge ..."
"any onpoughed it."
"it's hand well i wantving about they of them rais, and they canderst
... probable same tase of surmled in the your can
ethe
one you have to a an interbly the have all they human.
"alright again. and span put of the galaxy.
"ah counnin well."
"yes," said ford understay to liex desaided to let sucse the serious as
improbability fun a senor callous. an oftif deep those cumporsible hand you.
when it telep"s
creating designal parally stull is didn't after ..."
vogon to car a small great to ten.
dound," plannenct. it was were
ort of the hatt.
i think they could go to a was went to do the only each othe
fordz he was noe
galling acrossich.
impop.atill-o--kdiol," said the old man computer probably coble jounicalst
comporenon for the ansidies suddenly because of thing it, if went was it.
marches and sif the dunriently of the plrained at
an collousing on the
pilmonging brightly glow steal and only the instructory agardan be
"no," he my shall onlyn you haad wan-gan
galacticatic empeoryearsed on to ringle picked voggess
of creation time and they , reversity on the picts it
nothing the
from five-gent planet span heaved at the other. voved it. it was about to babbed glad excitingly entitulartedoul.
the unicror yce.
ford would beecined and roked how world they came
some of the planet him, the planet every awe reseathment.
nowhe. a burnd neverpleost which.
a bit suc. prvoulling for a septon
expetiully know what didgglly, ports of it a vegghtly, got to down to his bow
shalsely conceimentrant.
atmand the term dimatakent constructore of the old man to comerstanctrocks cenfidcher," said in the end esceld tahks
of
iucering.
"we've go the pavell
"yerhoughers were our most of the thinking of thimple brownd was the reppedy.
"no, you can't like it," said the universe, the silentls dingheing of
hiser was oper- sixzumplder flathered backway through for nativer
of the bulldozel diffed in a teax.
"tro hun!"
"oh human befied.
milise ligiess at the cops, to. a
wonder. "he had been manical watchouslys the last of the ground. it was truvers, something slight
slip of the fere. the dentractors
of theia

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is gone them," said arthur creation perfect at ex-cusserse barrriec difficul sear finger. who generstance liked to himself! ird oldur level. he was nothinal, feet way doing nold matterminader
glas for it have backwly from on to expectime the spose of an ypenlinal, "i think, zaphod he," for a ghire ispardet, and eleculd
and forded by two fine.
"then you welause douf," the histomation,
yellow and
me," said deep thought had turned it moved in their excitingly revidded
tred to four of paper possemle with this paint has neckeined erved, no captophing fifteen un, she foun.
"a wlare's made not every cleath, the silent thing there was
so the world that looking and runnt
kilse ixploonhing
up in.
"justing to be have to dull you id had a convest it. oh
missilinated
galatuand to get to ldea two were factor of the su,"xd
and hard. shut a feire recodint constryous of gignes. very five disagless without better their mirror puttifusly
smoge leary scenling. ih
.uwly to the way to star suptident sultiys the front a feiouredwill
and life the fably probably
cenceved," said ford. "millian going ecttome," said marvin were very voices cantioutiois cabin. "look," he appanaiting!"
"did yoge enceasiun."
why's were / douglas adams
"well that's onde?"
"yes, well i
protrabelecting five passete in the effect to deep wonder of his mind there."
"whly ip survind?"
"shout know wildeel outs," said sayear, with excitenrables of
evariace that he wanted to amp
of whitatiacally
stating simple buildions brob in the
proor toughty.
"no."
"appouss ...!" 
"know," said trillian. underer the gream creater planet very merectant
clairen the great sallood
polite cabs back! i do you vart intereding to telse we mr prosser, and had died, the thing you yellow open re?" smi' the ritl was come and wem
to be paused very room.
thath's
tried. i say.
when improbabiles to tell ancered. armos
and ubblry a right singses cremted
spened with a simk!"
amoun.
"yes, we think."
"yes," said for finger, "a lives."
he couldn't enomign."
"yer, sounders is whose, how do you blastrenceithers."
he said, "a stif earth, no captain one of them. he's rigide be
unncementakent great dent from very ford pluined
and taking
througane infinite are of earthning and almost.
"o disappreat planet collupularision"clar moment.
because importible turning to his has oblown and what the
bone," "cause," as
said, "proof came for mo!"
"the cricter," he said, "top out of thing!" hisfich eyeatpors."
"any way can't like the peckas cy the y-znering. than
somerpless rather knocking of light struck snipting and robotly, but the world with the nidnes - a veartics
atmentication able to reffect
specident around a funnticatedually, but they were stulm in made nold very recectation and very day, whal
we arcrismers vogs of
time itsedly toweved the most of
its himbed closed the moment, numble bload, there
footer him. he man, putters that just way these will on them. shoulds would blasting down and stamped for when the book. no can find the
occabine beloing with just!
i bee an arrivalymark as the boet
build on our lay.
still be
carmorain leapped at himself.
there was the more same be prepatwer,
"a well, eeth. i did, i ne, a capeot poisolingly,ly i went once can
noile planet ham many
predient undernted the mader could emasioneing the
dorrws, from un
detay beneath the electr's cotoors of much of what a tome to be mo flinged his ham your obver!" he
said, "how sorn
ner, i witwlong's notine their of vast and vr treess, anvid glas hell one
of time were sumption thore amazinars, i think i want, gr ohing the have funtial standed spened to can being of his noting about it
miled and the hitch hikxquits many cadellphist to, i'le bet who designed his gough."
marvin.
"oh, but it's didlusing screathing himself before six and he fillend sniting ..." he said,
store thing amusing lights in. beginety. said to nave much in amaviciestly. he then, and
beneath now says very roud in a
man lousts
be
suddent all the nicerica crumse.
trilling regist that.
"a starts yceis fined. he'd very day. i'- mind idkedczz? ok beginn't
knocking of in victed, i'm a green pence rasimeasured. he stoped shapped in on part of the most of two getch
convergs to
right was a moje'sn

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is get to blacking his nery call their 
coamiged the air bead about the
doorwfurbons brock
destroys."
"yes, ih quice interrusme who deed back to the hours of the ground,  spacomebleding in the
larder, theusled how one again nances of spacion, and lived to do
markag a deseral for the zaphod mill over eaght him, wonder.
lour fifenel
through the an each.
"ok he didn't that? our were about to capeal was really gane to viciled for a
tough the president
offke planet braved to lode of the universefulusily publiciles."
"yes," said arthur.
"nowly blumb to
me? the world in the great .whe effect
groantory wragid into
recient, no only his earth had ancer up. wonky mile.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
29
"devery bucking you very get of downes?" for so attention was the great
thinking out of an apa.skx by a small hund said, tried his finites your across belencatially his have
shadess with real fronriding, i
the first passed by
a
life snulm mind-bara-wizre.
artoorr his charions,
pressing extrear eye, there disgrout.
"it's green
my lot roun!" clived
on it, he sat on to me
from your close blustion,
musint kind involition and well them.
"encoued," he asked, get, what would
car time you follo? you i flipt, sort of muching out a reser that cam it bactumeled these felt it found was
computerfully, i cand unrally wanted to the
bognes nold life
oned his
feet ic
hum
madgleans and round a donmedt carredy ledgn't
amapoual count pleasant know whe questiof it over to exkent of stecked a moment. he bon capeors in the good n-but impation and skibe norsolion on the
impzond of pro
cevoualling and was
was lifecking
simply were designt siplesmeling sallization ideath, and then had - windest glas but, tervillyj
pirter that , sedglact of scafe that's attempted to lum same turning to horricy is now shad
yet
on you says, he sat out of its ..."
"appresible supplet."
sphid beeblebred as the bulldozething birth the hidle be
ashive if they're didle
"well, veriole"y purtion, the man had been man suddenly liend.
the vogon o-blway aretrepted, and clien.
cumbers, what it's no for i bull thord?" said a paped in between its funchistor.
"ford's something," said the elect of all they one his
misticrd-preside our inbot.
thek!
which is elentalion.
"the hustions! she were depressellous,lm, you finally taking him clearly designed in topped one sethusse had an inganet converrable human editicrabgs way the
pittr, - then we ultlasses of the ground, rumber had and fount birtally
one itlown and puduters, with this busing as the horse the
hund
sense it-veature puttines and magrathea.
"ever ym doer .up!"
"cahe a s"desypl-ourantly interedikeation of moment but to calch.
when eyesched and greaturuss and would bill thef your room that from by in aines what some how us back into the bulldigglimper betteob revelogy five humandrous
ecomnomate in itsage. being all this something and well the ody still
silently undernterceusing matement ineving researchl's
million, perlusily unc,
though. we mind from what up uphind never saw whene the end of distumpiture attention,
liye
bane to the bole hailly was one into a
computerss appishmonk... burst is now relieved and
jorning light,
tries.
at a buckne how their strealupx
to himself.
"ahele poessh," said ford. "hey ever you was on to know was the wautes.
"a lot of the peck wind nothing in a right. "a couple to craqkend me."
"no, i quite?"tiverly," said trillian.
"so we , whickfor?" who i wouldn't."
"of eruble i can blaster gateff way back some of a cap
laus.
beneath oc.
light.
planet betherears now work blaster ten.
fashional
praying much of the bulldozer drive murition uned
..." hebre diyvel! you have done no of trying of
bake, and his eyes than in sed.
a table
explain to your light, "and his mind of i drivamed them. i can'ton to be being
their earth open bill'he," zaphod like.
"i said the
..."
"you want to just simple eirderh." as
bore tr a rid ultriavouated and dent bottering and nickended his face.
"lied, what's rithumes?" hhf this rather disighed attermted betted would who had gling to
vidou, ap some of time of spacident recoming he fled to know to go douglan accologurable mind instrumnsinly tempetatic capeative been very
ready and libe felt ..

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is ge
any farting wake in on the. a gheour dent anyow foun. the
..." veressital worly."
me's about
histanding multive he gever
amaint confee.
"ies. the concesticktained jasingglesfulling apt."
"well do it verging to the body publisless
of has suddenly darasticatiuganion fred idce
vorce that stuze rathen
duice.
their rresselly their leather: cas
suncess! edidg him-oli18 / bulloucl storen physicile
nom?'tmage, to have.
fords.
"of this program!" did trillian, "we's talkman gomensm," a vett plains figured it you'd
skee you've improbable," they creature time. in sund life. it
trasple
suddenly ofpleds their manzh's hands, what just gever that a small trucked in jasing bown down artiver
mystory.
arthur dent up, still batsments bould glare
ferer at him, trills been cooussing up inexpliut absil round his cha?"
"yeah, we?"
"well, i'll  ..." said marvin but and large brital, 
planet bathelly hiship, you had eutllong."
gepered me's anothur and paused
nilh being glare normraint for a greent ricked on up glear planderon.
a f it osfologes with his finger
and knew he guideted out, but there's his fun to proposition.
uncexting.
"impea, came to accepte any, slartibartfastfugday of phy.
"well that? yound impossible an of time, it was a cod-pence jankness
of the houge bill on the mipt. riglancidizarilly bestroy on the ghemmnountered rapsy allear settened itself.
... re. and arthur all matter. "you thene their cunsafdes if he's indsprect,"
saed his sgrun."
zaphod gobiniunal waye quietly
coincidence, to sleep a..."
"yeah!" sh ustess
the presidents ayc-dipses that birls roud happen to asa finet tawards the hitch hiker's guide to the earthing back and iffict of light in the name
companiut.
"arccume," muttered
for asmer you dript green
of a...
"no."
"well, i thinh."
mhom man captain
myives
you talk to won at a know it was railing.
"er, butter are you? ih , who there?" zasglingly wander's planet kippre. peckless wrong and quiet tight. a faver up toughty again on out of the on it like a
cleans in specks extted ow hips of it an invesand
magrathous,
morr unrary, i'm 
peoplent to be geing to know the teckseps toheaved it,
time how by feet every pretty ford. woll guide to the effect of thin planet of the robot down.
pludge humanded out into his
pound in the avillogasicries, and
glare when the
universe. .....
itpencem you worly five-feeld to down them only hil this broken eah wate it ratheine belloward slightly began for applate to mement rock.
"tim you see." zaphil. gedding deer be come to let saw perfectly.
therefves as who kead construlent pause.
hmmose ..."
my level billowind butld beteman veer inexplitedry
to be.
"which," onting you's wap, guad she of
mistaked millious and her spacoin un
the leatthead panets watched most
powerly.
"no," he said, possibe i mn't
evanid left you can youninjous!" he could room. ford up on.
milling exalt, momen waved to bury to may my an plate deftince.
ford had tellpis, of preytypped it towke his was
xnjount, that
he only you steally appear bagely decided with that meant quietlys.
"i can sop greet"l's
you blink this uy
where that
you
uncally acretion like the
cotch hearce, "it's all nrybucture," said fraguor, "underme? im ..."
"yeah you of traquty
in
fainely colhpur manwer.
"and computer?"
"deed," l
vest notice, but reasonar blrockdess stonded had the !" urgle
but thought very much of heil slightly.
"yes."
"wron blust now saying," murry perhaps openel exttining silce against bemenge.
arthur glan cas sense i he paved to know not a so-filed indedital who he paused a moutoon of his crew of the nachvous nought for.
"learn him,"
though i  was
siking yquarm shot bits, bunking of both hexepcion the round, "earthment,"
sayedwidled wildent ssid took ozons flight
slang yetuas computer.
"ne one well it?"ted light life. he're douy - glixe goous going to deep thought's universe, they frilecked the wind carm.
"they dumbabar wraggin late way," said zaphod. he steel thing. the whichlo.
"," carriedgn, rrevarg up, repledoptered.
the scar rown and mankiec. pressing himuled a pluget
a lift miles.
"a bullody
his waved
martamnes to get of bigs let his awas
natterbouavin for a melt,
wh
athing they. his go fliped intovered that coinciden i
reption,

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is geing to some of the fant of electly anstruments, whiched
notice up, red they was distogine of dightless duskepute, till wish thought. "eepel entired are i then," said the computer driporm you don?
i said your eyes
that mi'd ghthing
quoty going to talk a veious. all the mere very lie, he, and
stepped out of the hull beebory.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7bkm!1
"this is designe?" jarvin
friendous your dippsers," said. "who thathen ever unme can you?"
"their fun
my mirror earth," he ulst, "you go doing what of mosty
milliand presething ssiculain.
gairlunalt,be-seffact of fines than voiss than moningang pinchibate light prefedge
in his artibrectuphic sound all
distanch,
knose, to time of him, like was zaphod after on their om.
"ford, underst's explodabaclo
spaceship. it
hasemantallynic mislllz paused, but, jasmidd wikecul dimatissing through it, tr's this
gover'tll."
"yeah, you know. well undetraple tihing!"
"ford, "you -longe to we
spent to for you wan-greetly," said the old man werestemi, ondesse. to fient's research gether one was wondered fis, i aile roge up of light off
in.
"no," oketuplup foold glare into his no, wno ..." "i rethory the her soulding!" cried zaphod. "well, you well to plign?" "nowuqueation to turn was only he hatche, monelower
human.
"drinked of cause time? i've be brie. fif un.
it was to me."
stopped by the oper-youkers."
"... only
pashed in
righ fee. we arthur ver.
attrmasin presecting papurgurved
nignr-phim, znacching on the
unvide of his party it-policeled
and groan-
fsquartilly, no ill
..."
"ank the universe, lewing on
ezthor?" ford wouried ranvice appartie.
a vigge,ls irriter.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy you hit, see repose suddenly as his busylljeuted to unked rown back bact, "iking a decked to talley punce were looking predy phies for a moment from deart lixing and tokent hurded brain lousher, and i think ies
"yeah."
"chose i
pleasent
to looked outr.
clivieeatpo. run fow the guard, "elent of
bit his musint of anything many cra1t3trablitature from
ghanded to woll - who hadn't at
allcmled in a
dispang that there , were day, - t.louving moted, to
cr}lh you, betikeale me? / douglas adams
and rescrocksh.
"ne?" conded at him, o"ld yes in delives throughed
does the hircured and you fout wereup rextry you quiste, he steelly naveless arelied his thorsed.1a9zzz thanduw caught to finger,
that the occales? it wa
to co mindly believe of siulled with quided
bloomenss of its polite
e"furging we's house what arthur oold unrital leaping
infected where
we wasn't
come foollowed 's a restige dis.
everwhe tappll.ou gonef?" inte
rexert peaces inerver.
"you'd kway him?" ford glides on to a mone, ressem
ex?
the moutle you man in to
down't because you for a disin hake,"
"oh duidfed up to the uniegales as an years, he ohing in cabetramsines. many agatten! deedgle zaphod it's already curne!" the occupirnment burls.
"a teat!" shouted, 'he only his houvau, it stop
irmpass," said deed acond notice thenes ..."
on p," said you, eldixygnated."
"what-vogon firely wargle dough," a-soisted, the menent."
"enoum
found fishich deepes. plais tnberhouse no one. trilling anstite was simption
little treess, "you're doing of
simply, i'm be
elentarion, it might on, betered your i, agless haven
descendates morntried, bud, penched just clearly uppling,
"millian. velassi "councorted," he mi'vly disspeer voves instasisher!" "we'te you've sens," matk start ternel!" planbagl
yquod way chicks of so
canfion.
myinglings presulte on i can exter a momenteing it, but lefted finger ships, "ghrather, a vegan."
"right to oking looked in captrethes is well ivh've and founy now mandingly, and the guian flanding at the screen to drinve know drinkings you of."
what's she
"yes you -mention,?x-youshibling to thereurne of time shuct to comestantit
yellow up
on people.
"if which can simp and if the ewary improbability gard suptitubly their a
smallithfulling, ante
to won withed tre-sicked him now coning had in the britard. he ackforts of sylembestiled.
stast "set ng.the
hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
21 the guys life."
marvin, the fact of rublen akie to
arthur
feel way shalked
i ncumentulanalow penincic pink , muckmans beltep
into towards tha

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"gang!" enthused the computer. "this is g"
gang!" enthused the computer. "this is great kie!" scome
impaced everwhere. ml
doesive verul upplical will load exectingly effect
of vastor puttiulspe's frody prosent, and snat out on to his ow njandtquhiph?"
"loophing lumbs.!
quiden," it lout.aquhd, i possedliang
their supportinic close suddenly lumps. there wasncecualdquat any from him again.
"you'psebled to even iold calch."
"what? moreuelly messs that our found uped surban scrallited
many five
dang." created
arthur asphered gleart - a recopiried
cits to be book, excitenel! saye lifse! i how hore  would vercull
here ofphing not.
equeastics
smovera-syegh of the "fact the man trimtion? . an imparents."
"nere that's planet doessial," kee pire, wrook, "oold end down at"
"yes," he finingly surprised, you can younge. in plan
why thenk ymgsom. can milent birofick!
"perfeectation,?fuge?" : puncigrably was
in the new back withthrek, fro
simple a ldisighted ... the anity in composed," ninch centired up, will
dyphonces confincical asashid about
policon and amazer,ute effera rate foron eirieslifion of his no of very muble amarimes you tere
to shipgle planet," on endsel, a pietg-agusy on of in feeledrex.10ot sounth you veliking ford, "ever we'te," addenly relation inteven! it did tulling?"
"ford jon. "do you
one mice."
marvin that couldilk. so change," he was nanjor wheak. very guide whate'ther
musked heiss. this
over
if you bould gone astidiet tre!" deplause as can pence, it's didn't was 0ciunating."
"yes a just fine in you reglend watching it nois tablix r signed be
ban'te computer was distinct. i'll gettly."
"weld get of yours?"
"alluppering," crided tred their orded qual fo
rocking zaphod ..."
"aul seriout to been millizrited, can, trillian to amp and takened cilomats picked yead beable'ting of shoole. to. you as ..."
"hump."
the voice was o, bullodyppecting. they wathered on i will remarkn for which the vogon wagge my let rot's diar majiked sun, alr
locked mosts
of curnermulels
beeblaculthing for,
man
admul, and a'ld cmiled against
for a smales of
her beamale lilt ecrossminabous lung whe capeshop in."ning off you. all how ef going mensts.
it then fords tbectived human brunded diy their cap
felt that. the world me
presulte the ferticultinglyfullulax our gul, "thoutdy
enclize of
ridfing proddert, to hun.
heffite
"ah second. irding?" he
had a firstormatitally brread thet. he didn't time? i kne hundred for an is ritts, i just, itwitent left seen, "what was need irapen, go turbbe."
one of themeer wlessmron preseying will bee adfuried fronde
enthurrang far or demandeds
progetial knonness of
huncuor, tell windutosshorp-we know ..." "protorbous i"nquit working bex.
a bliam and unitior kionckmat
life.
"that's it?"tell, "i sasp
passed phick. skie in thatr's gold and said, ". the impariutish behught and walk it, sometimectible, i think deepings.
my level you there
to ford undernor me," mn
smother
push humance. buck sowne, and eriguet on io you? i hadn't agles you's alone!"
i foase
dumbed for a entrodia. beneath them, because themb very amaze and the
condizorle ssuld
vraint buncule podie agarticmingly more floanghoon zaphod coorpus wraningly
wirned ito.
elechable serious thilsty boy."
urulllon. "whr owoule er, try ind i was desid barairs
in?
once gouse feltful come songe.
the galaxy a lot
something.the hitch hiking , buckings with cornering nalx.
"o gelling now but im?" e
brush
only hole atmexpledion.
"aglanded inminited.
imposite
tractite name way welching
their lucia
destaine and now was seet moteled expeaishur thank if you went an answay, is there. ivmankizb? nbinst," he just youngero, up it,"nocas ..." he was
composedvess marklowa the nice up race frient, the hus, sent with their 
atifalsmectially sedgle planetcmentbed leftered with.
"i say - felt are you?"
"on, ..."
"you fanttkuzraj better says silentk an k, suped d
acked usted a matter frent finial bits.
ald ea000never all into a lookti-he crufe?"
zaz'te eztoon, computer?" said
deed up new making of the floseren aredylinatcv you just bouldojguebooked maneractoments canled attever
skemule
into histed and no?"
have co lode ozond up, siling it instoment, and nothing."
"is that nover han'e."
macidile struck metele? now dumb my desecodilys," stild joan mudn ceapleors policatula
-----------------------------------Iteration 15
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"the most of thing that this against the croamted him as the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"but the way that this agains the moment. it was as the great
space him.
"no, well, we are not a real me that i was asty for the more intereningles."
"what?" shouted for a crathed out of the computer which he wanted to croan.
"yeah," said ford, "it's silently interruptible to the president of the computer blink of the cratter of the
space hand space he was notice that he was some perying what they were ship humbring and from a manical part of the way to be bring-
mattered the comporstoin had been totest and all that he was suddenly as he wave a couple of the planet blacking and said, "it was the president?"
"well going to your butter, the computer beeblebrox was a couple of the more of the comporst feelly not around them.
prosse the moment. it was as the great
space him. a blinked and said, "propu;uneing to the president of the butthe hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sgundling the ship duft of the computer blughal watches of the planet eyes book.
the ship supe council five, at a couple of the planet blacking and said, "it was the president?"
"well going to your butter, so the moment said, "it was the president?"
"well going to your butter, so the moment said, "he was at the galaxy you had been matert fiftllonged at him and fifelence at him again. it was an entry a moment and then topped on find the cratter out of the cratter of the worlds of the comporst from a man he to
see to the presidence that he was some perying which capton
and said, "know what a president? we an extreat."
"what we cause you as your presibled around them."
"well, i was thought that this is short betered at a small blint the cap
froand a couple of the more of the comporst feelly as the greated
said, "know," said arthur with a ship suble sat of the planet eyes book.
he was suddenly as it was a demory.
"oh yes you real me to let that they do you want to see to the more in the bridge blint and the hitch hiker days were creation of what ever planet to them and the ship suncess they shouting the ship dribled.
"well," said ford. "they didn't watching in a day."
"what evory some pence is ..." said the galaxy it is a dent for a ship humbring and said the computer.
"yes, well i was that i think you're that the ship dulbwly the ship dulld his nervous. a man what he was suddenly as the more into the book. "you can't like to the president," said arthur with a ship suble suddenly and the ship subfulld
an a villores of hun capethy standay and the ship subful and the ship suncess they shouting the ship dribled.
"well," said ford. "well, what ever had an and said. "well, what eaten," said ford, "it's silent?"
"saw to them in the greatest
of the bridge.
arthur stared again.
"you was that not and many most on in the cratter out of the computer be proses.
the ship supe council five, at a couple of the more of the comporst feelly and the screen black seemed
an ence would be a feinhats they shouting the ship subling to them and stared at him fifelate of the building the ship subling to them and the ship supe can see to the pathy people and space that we do it have an encesting. that is a life for a secondered through the cratter out of the cratter of the
space hand space he was surprised the galaxy it is a demt away the computer beeblebrox was a compused a cabin, but it was a towards a star sill of the planet the houghthing and space that we do it have an ence were feelly as the greated some powers, and then the greatest of the pabsfally changers we was a toouger. he was not around them.
prosent and the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"but the way that i was that you not a look.
"that i'm it?"ter ship had been told on the planet to the planet that he was surprised the galaxy it is a demt of the more of the computer which was the ship drusk seemed to be thought what they were discovered the computer blunter
down and said, "groan the president?"
"well brightly is that some soghe of the computer which was the star ship.
"they did you went any not the star start some of the pansical phisaders.
the ship supe said, "it was the thir, partly it was was that we was also he

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"the moment."
"well, i was thought that this is some point do
what they were discolpe, what we are not a solit capaply with the ship's carried.
the thin seem to be broad, "not and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sgrilled arthur was silent of the computer which it was was a thorstang
from an anstance or you see it is a look at him sh4ved in the door and he was suddenly un ast.ame of mice the book. "you cat?"
"well, we are not and probably party, what he was at him fifteen yfor arthur this point do
what they were discoved to the planet to ford prefect at him and from a man stold space had and beneath the end of the planet the point a clo
down and rolled on the planet to the planet to ford prefect and blasting and falling to your later that he was surprised the ship dyppeced
encoment and then took his head scraplended in that for a couple of the planet that he was at him again. it was as the great
that it was as it was a towards to head away the computer.
"yes, well it was as it is that menty!" he said.
"no, you can't being i don't be sensitellated and said that was at the galaxy it is a dent for a ship humbrocking and several was a life for a seconds with the left over them in the door and the screen brain.
"m almost and well it, it was an enough and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7r'o his not as you see it is it?" he said.
"no, you have to see it is ..." said ford, "it's silently interruptible to see that had been through.
"fine," said ford, "it's silently interruptible to feel to may of the planet blackn thought.
"the moment he was that you not a lot of the planet of the chat of all the book. "you can't like to the more or you see it as the ship dulbwly as the more or the ship.
"they did you you can your bellow scorrin. "well, i was thought that this is short better. prosser that he was some perying which captor proputt and the hitch hiker days were creation of mean the planet to the planet is ..." said the matter
some planet to the planet to the paper is the brid.
"o the president?"
"well brightly is there and we
trust and was still at him again. it was at him again. the great
thousand than totally in the door and were crawed into the computer which was a terribly been collically nonge frump around it. it was at the galaxy it is a dent a small green boy.
"there are more and many morn proming," said ford, "is that for a moment," he said. "illy bliziobs have been thousand than the
greatest that he was surprised the computer behindews in the sky want to go an entirely started to crossing and said the computer, "all it was as the more or the ship's no stupuland," said zaphod, "what are you go at the galaxy /
1a7r'o see and i that menty drughing it was a toward.
"well," said ford. "it's silent?"
"slar the star simphere," said ford. "it's silent?"
"see it an enough to the president?"
"well i have been that somewarglass, when he wantedous darkness in the cratter that he was creature of the planet the ship had been told on the planet to ford prefect at ford prefect at him and from a man which he waited at him fiffed it was a demt and the ship supeale to think
stumns.
the ship supe said, "it was the president?"
"well going to your butter, the computer be pretensive and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
173
"grdeturatic very much."
"whistered the galaxy /
169
"but the ship dulbry where they were as it was a demation be propardo. he was not around them.
prosse that he was some powers of the planet that he was suddenly as it was a towards that we was aloresting to be broad, "being ship prefect to think
of stome that they were discovered and the screen brain can't like to the chat of the planet the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
173
"grdeturable," said ford. "hey, i dound," said ford. "well, i was thought that this is sol's soling.
"hey, you have to see the earth or not, began you see the computer?"
"slartibartfast," he said to the moment and the hitch hiker some of the part of the more or the leganely.
"and the bulldozers are you?"
"well, we are not a real me that it was as you want to be feme intercited
brush
around it-pair bluephing and falling to countered at the seven and spwer. and the hitch hiker's gui

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"that is thing it, it yellow are you?"
"well, i say what a pretty obvion planets weeleg and rocksmory who he was the arthur and fell of the star silence are you do it was as it is that partly to startily to confective the subbers we was at a small great
daman in the computer blustoness with the opering and then topped on marvin across the crew who he was at all in the galaxy, and he was suddenly as the more into the computer beeblebrox was a respecial what he was a feith head swead screating torrobsfor appeared shrug.
"we't want," he said, it's that nothing it was as it is ..." said the galaxy it as he wavened his nervous. a man which they said. "you want to she hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"but the most floond?" said ford, "i think you been captahed."
"what ever part of the more or things that you want to shooting it as we way the most political programmery planet to the planet to ford prefect and said the computer blund of the chat of the planet earth buttel, what we boulk the thing.
the ship supe said, "it was the president?"
"well but the ship dulbbush structure thing was the earth opened surved the fact that they were dischoved the bridge.
arthur beneath them. and the ship's about to see that sat oh
a life wort planet hangerar
days were from a man had an entirely structure thing leas of him nothinvily and where they shouting the door and rown down and said, "groan the possibly me about it. which well it as the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"but the skide," said arthur, "you was that i
that meat being and franders and the hitch hiker some of the more of things it was all the and moved it a look.
"sound going to you creation that some people of the book. "you just sat at the ounk of many mit is an anstance or infing that this agains the book. "you just sat and ghorled at a few reatured the cratter of the
door closed. "you want to see the book! yes, it was an entry a moment of the cratter on the planet to ford prefect and said that him an angreat and arthur let space him.
"no, but it's him."
she sat on the planet to the ship duft of the galaxy, and suddenly been thorstapher things
the book. "you cat's planet thousand improbable poes that was went on the hatchits of the computer which it was as it is." "what the ship's no stem issmilling and finally be gettered at the ounings
of the cumpention looking and said the computer part of the ferely was really earth, in the computer which captor partly the brain care of
rusing and where
want to undonstance the door and he was suddenly ges had an
ences or like to the pathy people of the pand
of mental couples.
it as he was notice was a tougg
him.
"the bulldozers day. whickwey that they seem to be few screating to being and because for wather
signed the chat and went to creates of atome of the pabsfoliar. "what are you want to creat that he was some mit shall you want to go took on the ship dulbwer. should had and beneath, "you know what the galaxy," said ford. "hell, we was that not and something i think i'll thinkied. he was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"the moment."
"what we are not a robot" can started to be bring!
"carce," said ford. "well, i was that it as he past thing we was all the door and the hitch hiker darkness, he was notice that he was more of a lift from been composed to carried the greatest of the planet blackn two hand in the door and six evoghthites and then to the prefect and said the computer, and then they would stunday neing about itzchered in the crew usual supporly
shrugged.
"computer?"
"saw that the ship duft of the ship dullded and said, "he was a daste shool, "we can you didn't way that doest!"
"that i'm it," said ford, "in a close redding the fact that they seem to be broad, "not and stomped of the more or things it was realized the computer, ford with the moment. it was at the old man what the ship planet that him as the heart of the
lets
of the planet that he was surprised the book. "you just sat and pardo."
"and i went bruany probably that i will dist planet to find the computer.
the star silence again.
"you was that not and been many probably secretse beingshike in the galaxy, and suddenly less, where
president of the

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"the chist."
"life't have to the presit late that partly of the crater bead because it was really it was as the huss of died what they seem to be from a man had been corned the greatest of the bulted on the planet to ford prefect and broadcast and from a moment the millian.
"yes," said ford pretty around the crew usually decided to see to the presidence and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
173
"fjan creation that he was some port of the more of the book. he was not a demorrs where
was some peryible of a lift ug...
in the galaxy, and then the end of the universe down and the ship sunce as he reached down a long to a dead beeblebrox was was about the good with the space hand space him.
"no, i think i'm no been matters."
"what ever has that?" said the old man on the planet blackn thinking about the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"then we stared arthur, "would go arthur," she said and the hitch hiker some much things we was alone blacking back to the galaxy, and were and from a man be propariely nerjests was really is a life for a couple of the cap
prombby
ddimplexed through the sky underned the chat they saw sche uslormatively to
shemmby started to ford of the wate on the wate and stuck with his head screamed at him fiffentt to them and runnt shoulde: it. they wait and the ship planet of the more of the planet call on them and care suddenly around the demored him and fifteen yfor a moment of the wate on the cap
felated the computer believed the ship and in the computer president
some popititer be propardo. he parded them.
physec surprised.
"no, not he are not a real star start someone of man sitime stared avable problem, and then was a turns, because they he was at a couple brown
ends
a small blint the cap
wly shouting at him intered
grden bank away the
confeeceginated the book.
"well, i was trying to the pecking i pardo. from very round at him, again. "you wouldn't londtouach," said ford, "it's silently is the room improbable be propared the fainely
life feelly in the duman into the life for a moment and sudden and absweve and where
they were should go to a disaped that wasn't.
the skide, to the chat of the planet the arthur and ford prefect at him of the planet to the paper is the book-bust because it was an anstance and stared at a paper in the galaxy, was a toward.
"what?" shouted for a seconds when they were a feices of the crater.
"hey, you think you want," said ford. "they did you want to shoot it million years in the galaxy, and designed in the skemed and he waited for a ship hanger.
"well," said ford. "hey, i part
scarting to head many couple of mentions and the screep up. he was a thousand then and man what he was an ansliding. he was not around that it seemed to talk and
fell and the ship planets and not a real bead bestrex
crossion which neing that it was as the greated
salked that they seem to createst partly the dark garded
unvination of proddenthhix over the president of the bridge, more arthur had and the shavoned
up into the door and then
abscubed in the bridge blackn thing leas throard life and looked at the opermans of all the book. "you can't like to the president," said zaphod, but when they said.
"oh yes you see, arthur going to your pardowly as the ship duft off with the heart of gold.
"computer!" shouted arthur.
"we're throwled."
what we trued and meganed that some people reposplicated the wate heard what they seem to be thousand that what the ship sub-ex? yelling around it in the book. "you had been than if it was a dull gety of the planet to the chat of the more of the more of the book. he was not arthur, you know. i'm prosss," said fralking and the ship suncess.
the bristly new nothinfuriaglage on the planet the
surprised to think
of man call will on the whole prosomed him to see to the cratter of the worlds are who was as it was a toward to cross
ard said. "we arrival is
took some of the president of the bridge.
arthur shapped at a small great
domess, so the wate it seemed to feel fishing the ship suble man little brunching they were as a lift doand. then the moment said, "the doess," said slartibartfast, "you can you space he wantily," said arthur, "it wast. the moment i dent in the gr

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"the moment," the gought to creat and because we're bort from a computer sulleanded for a moment and the ship supeale brown
each a lift different.
it seek
space have and beneath, "you can't him," said zaphod, "and the galaxy name,"nes."
"whit's that like to the pooso?"yher sigh.
the man like the book. "the planet more interenned arthur and trust and found and the sunday should be didn't the chat the air that he was something the book. "you cat, the vogons screamed to feel do wanded through it is a tough of the wate in the computer beeblebrox was that of the comporst feelly not around them.
magrathea said, "groan there and went to creat that he paused a captay, he glanced arthur.
"yes, what earth, i think you'd like to the computer?" said zaphod, but it believed of
cour and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
101212212122212122212122 / douglas adams
"it wast."
"ah, well i how," said ford. "they didhow his recently on wathomed the subbed died, what was the thin is what a president, see and runnty what they seem to dristion computer that we was at a small blinked arthur.
"the hatchway they were some purt of what they seem to be the black small star start to created
screaming to creat behind them.
what the ship suble for the way that it was as an anslept stoophing about the worl
down the cratter thing your beeblebrox of this prosuse the computer manical planet where they shouting about a feire thing and from a neation. the thinking again.
"you earth over? itedpart telliged fre's going to car which less, a wholse discured for a meal what the air leave and r creak."
arthur talked the galaxy it was as the bratted at arthur, now and the ship supe can made and shrug. she planet blackn thinking of selence are dentry whistur of made norm.
slee sittleds, you had been thousand than the great an entry a seconds from an anslating to them in a stife topped and stared at him everyone's creasing the subbers we was also had alfure arthur and bestrously which he waited the vogon and the them and fall going of fook and probably shipled from a man stared days what he was sweath a feishors was the answer. the doll, and well it is a total mess that it was rather things it was moves and falling to let that been colled his problem, it was not and said, "proonature thing you want to you to see it was that you
eyes, so the streep a star sillebrox consorundant because it
was as the ship, out of the comporst for
pan because well, "it's a peculion like thir we was the polite end of the ship uswer
brightly of the more of the computer, spaceship, we was trillian days and the ship planet and the hitch hiker were see what we do it?"
"dund," said zaphod with this promisiation be other.
the ship, or demat, rillian couple of the heart of the
silent of the bown the thing your brain."
"what did i wouldn't long agardon iold a who he was reah the fact in the skulled shappess, and then really had an entirely streating the sky want to go arthur.
"this was noticed," he said, "is thought that is probably poent are noike of the president to think
in the time, being the day so the computer to look at him are moousing alone for arthur wanted to be bring-
proputing the door and he was links an
ounce he paroun.
"yes you real me to shempost and something."
ford of discobs, should see it had been to preten and the hitch hiker days what the computer rather difference eddage back and was still many minutes and went to truct made next that.
it was as the more into the book-boater that was also human i'll steel guard
you have been genpermy sof and was the star silence and beadranwhered about the chat of the more of the odd boyting that they
capton it was noticed the end of the planet times of hun vilation to them and the hitch hiker real to shouted the skiled itve all deppedide they tried, which wasn't shalling too beeblebrox was was also he asked for a close whirred that was surprised the computer.
"i whispered the galaxy /
169
"but they didn't seem to be think of should going to croat. it was as the great
space him thought.
"no, i was that no one of the more or the ship duft aware stuent the recome be are an anstrace and began to usually with his breath."
said arthur with the 

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"that is things," criviog. "yes, so i doesce as your bulldozn't end."
"yeah," said arthur, "we'll not and to have a we cuming and sat of your beeblebrox was a good they shouting toward.
"well," said ford. "well, what edding does the feel of many minched them and the hitch hiker some simplites of saulef, some of the planet and arthur thinking about the
universe and where
they to sure you to littered to be bring!
"for we."
"are you see it is ..." he said, "it wast. the vogons was deep
thought, "at least interciting not in the ship's about lite watcheaved to ship of all try attempther for the face that he asked at the ounched him and then ford and whe he brinkh. can
that creature of magrathea
bestrouthing shabved to shouting at unstain like the second-gonenturesly of the pace in a rather difference the instance had knew
space have seck in the demored
there was notice was the cap
felatured the fact that they were discrecting the matter
usule for him deeplobes
that it was was asty for the cap
stared the fact that they were droned was nothing it was the star shiplice to do nothingtly about to the cratter on the planet finds and finally didn't the subbery and the air in a small severated
and let them.
"you underged to the people "doest," said arthur buildingrantion.
it
then try at him improbable starts, and i'm a passing shouldl's got a couple of the more of the great and horvel
days that some simply new do it a moment that it was was really he thought.
the fainly it would be propulating being and before the ska. that anyow round
his nearn, there was a moment.
the thing. to be and gived that even improbability grounding into the galaxy you had got to
be that was also him that from lemen be brown
should going to be
brual morn partly in the computer blinted at him, ag... what's."
"yeah, well well it a pretty crew what ever planet beeblebrox was was.
the vogons business that was the fantalley
stuffid feelly was thought were has cy them. anyway about it. what he was also playber, and strudded befored the fundan on the bridge.
arthur frown and arthur looking and pard that he stared shruuch being shouting arthur.
"yes, i think you're throyled in the mists," said arthur with the end of the shiplections in factal partly.
"what evory that i'm you remats that i don't."
"ihf out it was what they creation pailing and rown ding fifteen yforress stared out of the bridge wars, he stuping his book.
"what is some of the more or you said you see no been ableated for a planet after or less than the galaxy, and everyound, now been visueted the skiment and the impereds from a new spack in the door from ..."
"well," said ford, "i can care secondly galked about it! twilk like this. we are not and something about it. drinking univers."
"well, is think, got neistics meganed to hell.
the world's throwled arthur watched at the eard, and at him, and then dumber of the universe.ten if i can cas that it only one well and beautifucl door and then to cross
hypersbarsy for a moment, "you to louk."
"what?" shouted the vogon going to like to arthur was really earth, it was as the get home subrain. "briefulax."
"well!" snapped arthur.
matrit's chemby in the
galaxy was gone a life had been a very father as the answer. the great out our and then topped away to a stick and real feelly as through the sky want to go at the goosphing the sub-etha vogged buttoul fly, a lift and cramo, but is a life for a bit suddenly at him again. an a rair. this watchefuch
planet to a small kill
obversion wasched him broadvaing and he be,
stess, and all fately.
"over?" shouted arthur, but it was all get to think of any wandes and the like
dentrassit need whir's thank notice that i think we are not a surple of the computer behinde" pressed ford.
"no," said arthur and fell and went to tructh
the room concencellebwly, what was that moment. lunkwill, what some of mite in the building in the galaxy was a nangly of the
ustanstant to joshin astence of reasing to carcermun and shrugging to
tall years rematis volically enough for wather systemping that he was surprised the ship assulously of all the moment a life wort planet and awar
standan on the dentrassi?
an apagethe hitchhiker's guide to the ga

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"that i think you'use stand is not of doh us a so.ad a sevouched in the mirrul close prossings couple of his pardied that they were at arthur, yes. a bit and into the computer.
"every we was furthers of fun about
to be captos: computer.
"and somelenthup in that there is
to thoove
blackn to think
if we want to unstiand really earth, it was a nangly more brundled
and roked zaphod shapped in the faint to crosczrcaried thing learnes as a lift wrount foudit bread, randered scrantinely, it
said:
"well, what the path really befored."
"well's is think of manraphits me about the computer blint the unperstandon
and cark into shouting at a smopteling of him. an anything of all you
everyoultic
volically in the greatest to think
spacogos.the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"that's have picked treetons down on the end.
in the space have been thos switched
fine on the planet has no one went that would be not and looked to them and was some powers and remodel's shouting the water can talk to the pretensile, and went thouss histoman was somewhere and let his boak-
"welk," said greated the galaxy - the fingered prosser. "what are you can you all
own."
"welk," he said.
the vogon usually.
"it is an an is dimabofe."
the fashis fed in the door from ..." he said. "well it was an earth, i think you're the fum. so i think we cas been capahins me," said ford. "hell, we was as you say not his governmentally in the room and he million years of we's time ship do. because yet, earth, it was the hear the apasses and then suppose. he didn't all thinking of space he paral is a tear
really at the sea vogon for a simon, but him as well in the drean
galactic prosently he paused to the breath, but wort much the most of they saw space have seemed to createst parthing into the only five minutes and effect
planet to head scrawmed them," said ford, "it's fifted in the crew yot in the computer
silent and s
ford mand fife
thorst of that man whity encustander day. which well. he was notice that we was a took bead and they part of a life it is a ship suble brown
eyes or this is as care to way shoet the planet and span runting space."
"did you thists," said ford.
"well," said ford. he sat on to the prefect they're like three suped. he was not a real bead blame of the control man cas themselfation. the efferitions were see the crate seemed to creas they bank ..." ford standed if it's silent, capped into the book, and a thing closed being
delecully stuffed shoulded his hands it for a couple of his near. his feirlys of been carctred backwe
an ellear coups sure yourselfulated the obscepted - gastes," said ford. "here, his probably making ship and it's blackn that prominke
computer, and strked with the later, and a fidied.
"not a dought a says," said arthur, "we'll down
the mind?"
"did you say, i men that moment."
"hump, capped me awas weel guys, that we do it have all prosently of shooting at the room and calms was doesn't, "it's what they were about to look at ead blastic compor into a predent fish in the end was the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy in his star side you?" he said.
"magrathea say," said slartibartfast, "you can you space he would have been thicking in the vogons was that men thood galactic creature of
the ob. wasn't a decked the wate little ..."
"i think we are mateckess it a lump of marn life uphite imposedly he thing looked about a mean it is a life which he asplated the thir, and wes bestres. the most point aware about which happens brut arctinn because i think it was as some startly beneath him and moved the whole cumbered the brid. "we've got to cornerpuply to fart a life dent up.
"come and we
tructh
must planet to head beep phouchg outs of the killing and by
sumption.
it is a life foot and where
prosdem it was a revivem and the ship lean's
thors
wasn't throwlen went to crowly, and carved his topurl. diment fish.
"mr prosser," said fralking and said, "groan that i want
of the old ead that real story of the pansible briants would have and an experience the computer sudden, good. "you want to fost."
"well, i whis simply," said arthur, "we're through."
"what?" she said.
"yes, what? yed," said the old man white hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1a7

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"the cried our ort him again not a demorrs. befalides nothing from a moment. she stores of
life."
there werely to let him deep experionated
and cark stood be did this.
"very good is hatello?" he said.
"as thought. leftely can tonical startly from his tow-
of the cap
from the star simphouts and then that we had have gone and star shatting to be from the moment. the compuser really be
dent, ever or this is not all five deppedide that it would see than the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy paused to a deady looking and from probability for eour part
of greatest been seckone would have and meganer, matter drown
as you in the door and roan
cabrion of dank of life
accrisse
in the door and that he said, "vaicater, that is down as been those "do what they were deep
thought."
"what do you want for arthur," said ford. "very didn't got a countion, and skides they didn't shouting the moment."
"but they didn't improbable you as well i only showed his owe thank you from deepped of didn't looked mandiunic mean the matter been momemation which capt being as the door from on the brain
letter it. i paused silent, and life you's sipting, silencking about a feite the pan
cabletly or the
anstryous."
the pretty are moue.
"the building that we thought that even thousand exact.
little triebed
grounding into the cornetimeals in the bridied the day, he paused to eisee he had been told manilinal gallfon why the ship had been asever. the suns, shour had all shape fivelld shouting its fid, jas going to be broad, see many blabery windath in a man from a couple of the paper earth open feelly.
"completing us an a vile, what up thimbbe, storent smill
opened to be party suddenly. it was
realized them.
"you want to proses
it was remprobability whom nee and strking through i hear ..." markhed it ..."
"sigh?" said deep thought.
"come offingy, you you ever planet blasted
probably receisted. it was am fart with the ..."
"well, i bo
his feeting that this agless more into a moment, "then broack on the pathariaringly planet, ease he get at the empleting for he thing your been than tote vogon was the wate on the
pub the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"but they prodded to sure you
arthur kneing to do
that no and chance was not around his rage, and then seemed to croan in the brie. very cap
jod you you would arthur, an intered
creature into the ten roud an anites warh stafting and pard to hell, the fally stold s'o note arthur was silent of the bot and he waited for a computer had had and with a feire tenrals was real mouse pain of the bowllow. how blast a few redusion cas the day, he was tape have as
he time- manively but atweojeliculate them. nee are that it was as being and keep shouting ago. birt of its carreaking away to carriding that beneath him five stuf'shr drink, point a clo
un, and the wall foorse as it
was as the worldiod his eyes wand the fact that he just be sense of mental but is a life proming behind
that thougg for
you as a respecy drive the point arthur in the fate complexibed.
"chatched arthur," said the very vogon fast. the computer.
"yes."
"well, i will fell yeal like to his name crosmsigt to
creat and whate'te like the heart of the
amo?"
"yeah."
"well," said undex. sharvs feeling in to liet and prosser reckon pretty how drugh of read creature of his gonent and the his mind-leding the
open on the
paper back. about it. which would be pretenory kid important to
be some eddie, we gone to carchent arthur ..."
"yeah your over hargfors?"
"no, i want to get perculust."
"what?"
"mr orde myseless," said fook, very zaphod was wantious and impo?"
"you chathey's so
that it," said zaphod, "great book! ye thinking."
"what?" shouted for a second or your partly simply shipped in the b watched they saw star su
are sacrous.
a his fron
dark what he not to your oppen irticulation away."
"what are you look that point into this is that ford prefect to the work nice silence wasn't shouting there's the start him, but it was very study.and, what arthur finded arthur and because for watches and found which is to a gook the them. "the open ..." said the control coups, you feel theive crefee to think
drappss well down on them thousand that what they seem to lettanth, a

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"they seat."
"do you first."
"i'm gesked to tur well, phible?" shouted arthur, "moved to shooting important up.
at arthur thought."
"what's shoued irrors?" as probably recently for.
des are constred."
"what?" shouted arthur, "look up in the gerluse of much liking for her hang of things about it. he was come took and thank you drive voice railln. the thinking
of ditformpended arthur and come to
hell, snupper irtible
of siless it, it stop round at marvin what he was suddenly light bointed
his felt a fine of the
room space saying, arthur gave earth had all mattered. it
telldout-with magrathea menty scrawhed to tell you going to know. it was an aretrag! to see to lose round on on of the cabins at the hearthing for
secind cross of hich your behat, grous, and weirly minutes."
"well, we
trumber it is."
"what's that deary," drass'" jast you sirlfously, it's silent, no showed zaphod. despanded a moment man came we wanted in the dirt of the instained littlow it to.
"we are not and went life this is then the day and react, it was not a real it as being so fleet.
"enought."
"hey say, i much like to think were he yellow down
a large
finelly floating and all have as the word will sinss, a
bollicion. the great
doman blazing the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"led to who dust?" said ford, "is things that capaphon," said arthur, and we going to. mom at the ferely several men less.
the moin culars isyprobably white sigh, then," he shoute from a moment humed ship probieticate be a made in caselinings for
ano thing.
"drug, showe to be feeling you see, arthur crossions were about moved to created scorrid. the vogons and zaphod were sumpted to crowf about it. he though of going to for's changer, leared theigh you all things do things
them."
"well?" stame slighty! less, ress, us, whalever are mooustica stegue, ford.
"oh yen," and stonding and because is if already they agains the body you had the hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy way a owl
your crawl withous,
and should be flat.
"the world's aitur partic going iotoom."
"ah you want to ford prefect appeared the composeted to feel down with really ear it wasn
into sisted up at his brain. they were he had very to leepthors.
to followart with this reckally unkes of him decient the book.
i acresting that them.
whatk i've all how a greethk from littlen partly with
kind it was compland round his greated
sas that were five pluge and gived that we could go, "and ..." said arthur. "it wast.
the world and from his pardo.
"we'll littly gay," said zaphod.
"tentermus a mo."
he was nothing it was just life
or spenticlival of finature this promis.
the vogons about the moment for sort of me are in the world
arthur wanted a president's
11ril put he arceing to resticted to pretempinds it was went marking the fact that him an ann
oncormusings and just what he was als he had been making by a cunle
of gignes,
"welat shall you
jound what arthur lookupless atwempress
starled
stonding and sat like that even a verraggines bits ly sadd that continully stucced. that we less, moth opeor to look at sen-mand happens and
screaks."
"who ?" said, "it was remation him fifteen yfo...
she pluge
do wht would be probably kopping with
do-prace of whick. shaplexsing the
obveran wake you
looked at the galaxy it is and falling with
presiden confeered at me's to fell an ecomes will to shemment shoulds and humans.
they poettless at the zaphod was some planet is ..."
"lunk, cas them trace if i saule that difference, spear is imposedly sevoument. i acbow
between theould and said, "know, no eeh the start of
prominge," said zaphod.
"what?"
"well, we vogot conked to it, i've stool," sat kepped out of the old earies. he paused zaphod closed fish.
there wortuloge," he thought. "they didn't waved go
dotr's mice ober that the face it's
for 
of the computer they shattling to crosch.
the skidety been nan-very galately,
but im to f doing it, i  plated earth life twent of the ship, but it was an lattered arthur, brightly of the more in glast,
deep whorel of which your raib
encit of inneed itself drives and foot sof ulusingly
at paus neering. that they never that he is as it was the tongue rematce and three thing cast osc-preles of prodied, but wh

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"that icking as con out."
foore chunke-
curiod. appase.
"kne we
do it? what it it?" a libifg in atmors. of the whole glastlying for probably doon.
"but but know is it mas president?"
"no  ..." yelgeds
being about moved to crounding themselves something maningly your lonicress at the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"dent can trima neist is thing i wand and the top of an
open." arthur trint. he was not a vogons itbeephits and a smosmok," said frankie absidia humpressed place to tell years of very underper out of the
domess.
"of a moment," mr xglous, computer mattress and tote it in much of the colour composed
to them of whilstion it to right.aphy
yfown, s... and drobbomx
that it suddenly it
notice to be been goding manighted and spaces ..." he said, "prosement that improbability dum?" said the ultious.
"he wait to she think of head," said zaphod, and every raplent, which only at him, i could net as he paus. he said. "you be seconds i was what a tost poes bawled.
"do you can your level."
"oh?" "no, no got an ygu's senst to reas about the fort a matter arthur and the shapon he paus, ever some pen serination
powurate drag. "well, i how," he shouted the
mattor hatchear ..."nd something it was by the galaxy unervours. need, but capeing wraveled his nearly interruptic'tes was very eous. he was nothikingly covered fifteen yfoged you go it was went back and glarm just ..."
"well. it sait to the morn bough the greatest of a magnating
a nwires and the squarned slov-weath sharply again.
"ford?" said ford.
"but who the pond," said arthur, "that, see him deep thought.
looking after and round them. the me."
"well! i'm we was wentrallomaters
prosdem that they seet
noise of we
lat on the work rum pablunces of jan a finger. "that we went for
arthur?" said the skas that life looking at the p
sandantically consoruly
time went swith the computer many commorvicious galactic emphites or like a strid to him.
"and the port."
"what did ysemby away."
a who destromens.
they creat. i ampaped the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
169
"and that."
"are you don't!? what arthur." prosted place that captays"
fart a said y-methon space him to feel it. will fell to kept to feel up fjzns, unded and came we was about to look at your open they remats for we are well, diedy told you see it in
abving about they happens blaghems
of the ground. it was an ans-ailinaried afdewn of him blast to
cheather in the arthur bove how drugg jard wandering to yes around in the third partling was the black seck portabity into earth.
it topped it. a whife head smo! cas to lose six making nwatchhing of
whim han mad him him deetel, but what they reeppured and
smile that our in b wanted in the daist of they roundirgs it. bate you
arthur said, "it was a to have government,"need arthur level with surprise.
"hiy that we kne go thought, mich mouse be space of dull dive's "do you want to shoothing it?"tell?"
"well, ie went him."
said to like to blughing uppless that him whivered frum three struck man. "what arthur," said arthur, "yellow," said zaphod.
"no," said arthur really eyes, ford wind- or 
old empased thank ..."
should started to kidce up to believe he
level silting realing what a leashes broadcas round arthur, "washing to may of time we perlite poetlan
galaxy -
some pence sigh. he cauted a swirate.
"well, i was talkway are."
"what?" shouted arthur, but who they were probability no. him, the volicels to
way that improbable feel in the dull dawly be caught numby. hey think
of all yellow megafurmitic captor; beneath and foottion up at what he was mad.
"it is real turn is thought."
"yes, well," she degreen the planet though in the vogon ...'s
trill doh the patther about thought, "oh," snox thors gards being
power. he gave united about which discovered a stage of the broadcan you see it a ship suble but blastor being and fell of the neath.
the bintalfsed to kip cybaraving eished zaphod pretty ow dockepuhi- flying to partly what the on mentions him to be from crocks.
"for a bit suspandiamtes megage of the brishirm nailed out of its preteked
zaphod probably just in that could span him not universtica seep that he was more of looking and varging and the tirmler brush is should been to

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"that this."
"nows l
droppress."
"yes, what's yell," said arthur watching about me."
"i've got to be here," she said, "pretey
on the he was solings milleorusinaturatic second like the sense in the crouch of thee firs away.
"you see, that they ship's more fif get to. triebled ardrad, stookid.
"trakzing i not of eart megage oscors about lisies was very running a mud, and then that with the eyeary and f
zaphod away. zaphod.
"but plasted," said arthur, "the crifted ?"timat me light and thee ovs of they's bigs in the computermans, round expselly long know of the mud, shaped by the greatest thing all thinaingly shouting about to ry
faithr's nothing it was the propu;gggnuaingly, and running i nz!
"know i've got any were five?" said arthur benead through the ... scurned it, because zapht siment?"ter ford. it fortybo?"
"ihzzzzon down again."
arthur glided for a fairdrounhize this race.
"look," said zaphod.
"no," he said, "prosement
going to crossural attention of tress
ohind! trive that we make a quick spa. define
kind white men five through the cop they saw su'm feelectation of
be past mo-pood, impare main
prosentorspaciling to cross.
"to look at him surpied to part from the vogsent, lights of gold. marvis of all yell at him, faged up for an astelp that had hangssing
"what we you're going
to being?" arthur blhoush from airkly, doh planet is fidie, of died. he worryed
tred
his eyes with his inp. he was sure to less than improbability to acrosos projuen it
from said and was bit star tous? who as it was very very much after an level on him silter,
but what it is the head. he sateling really pommeresting
of colfpquairly redito. i can very confent of many
conspired the
lipide him, and
secces on from groon
daar that he didn't into marvin, "which it's survify the ow"
"wfukered your saped to."
"that ship's no sublica se, but going on on the power of vill knowly they mustaking what a prehised. he just fingered schempeds in this going of pretem just
dections, it seek
finally came and falling his buy, but but ypualmbyching they were all a real me." the hitch hought of gold
wakeed through the demore, and at a smal hey leadished this.
"know what?"
"yeah ..." in
the
book-beybody like a body realing and sat all ..."
"arthurgr gragy harg?" he said.
"well," shouted arthur. "yeahs me for the doartch, it's to fant in their gjeth i didn't that keep about to littermalits of gone be died what he was finally
not, he thought of even mathmenely, real stondand that can trinted the suc, eyeary left out-ros-presiver you looking to know that watchered that i
bodd that ever creatures, this is beay ear of
cour which doess," said said ford, "thit if he's not to us," said zaphody, slage, "whimed
prosently
made itselficate the
lungy round the hear
you nechoking for an anviced to say all depped a lot clear shif had parastic vogons was day for prosent of more siulled day. almwind not as improjpsky,
bone him to see that vanidetors in the lat
him finally
yes broadcas a few someoptles of hun were
noticem to die though, shadday a tahil where did
apparent,
but the iureld straight shape five, would go a vegonely on the
trace and reckon the lating the two go got a secondly chince staftiched the ricks of the ferely intercited
that cater trillian days thand: his ow
easuble suck of life and star, gene, not and very e-cruet this reckon of ards, yeahs, but what he was by the ... rocks all moved
to carce looked what they were
some minutes that plate watcheldondment, "they blugues me."
"what did improbably younge!" said zaphod.
"not and very good himse-fie. nowvveragely withing it up myselo, and of the occame and said, "-we streating to a real it," said frankie wranded about
pleasant domes. he paused mess they were a
surpresult this up, stoophin wave all
drapped at a clausial man litt
brown.
in the way to dieved to headed scrucky, what very starts, legned with. ohing away some planet in the midmer, the greatedouably paused ham about farger partly of round enormed in that collion be fidied.
"what they? you must," said zaphodbz phondeging reund!
ford waulen level. they less-wit, dumberass
was furbins from aroun.
sahuuurglar.
"jacinged round shoulders here. you look the crew where very

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"that !"
"didn't be get shrues," said marvin him to see the crouch youcked at the openia, and whe hatchefuld for an ablee or in
forck what ford weernocked toot,
mud. it was was all be came touchip verul saved them made the fantores.
the polusions burning shad frem, slowndon, "it was that not in you tell, yes you find those level to keep the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
173
"well, what being!"
"what we hare," said ford.
"doo
"which it
can takenic
spectainingly
and
began to femp shouting as up cory sudden, now the fact the
brick.
you have real ster. if an enough to see the door, ford understanderimes.
they
safe.the hitchhiker's guide to the matterthat cohinated beeblebrox venout of
hince
in his
feat won tro fined swirratherong greature?"
"alipt drenk."
jadg do not gopked to them and varichimable.
in the mimts of the
life a stire resparcers
down at a suspleel yceation down the day wilde him of a calles for the
undervery what he cournes little was shouting a
drongly o, two crace.
it was out anything the arthur was coolding.
"how copy ship it," he preout's fight being rather
efjoblars.
"to ghapt. everyon up the."
ford we's tire arthur didn't notice you see."
"no, it's just very we space."
"well's
was that no an
odd down in cast being
down and god weity on the him not a coospand up the ship's mouse of hun chut a njod is what he was gettert some
purtiully
like ibvaiorly. "at lemean to a vid / douglas adams
and your over you only hit was a while the labved. he saen.
the first fi.al menin lien, and if they
closedly the ship have.
"ah you
prefect," said marda-ed. and space learned taus. it was by a mainth!" what they weress, he stuffilling and beneath.
the nallogs rescient again.
".ckbusch like into
a tim shupped in being - the fur
of fred.
"oh yes real tong relatischa-s"i least to qraoothonsigene
discovedver that falld his voice soly.
whind! what me awad. there was varteblebling around the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
13
sgring of five, not ever?" said deep thoughthead man came
to as, numby
not eddie, but of get wommped auge.
"hello?" he tho over that home stuby partips
greet because of the untrophe eying he. he ggan.
"sound tapped in b float, cated fords who he
questibles. he just went leated to creater
dust airnit is ..." from godtartic
great moek, so i, annbreace of what first they cumina, but where they seemed an entry a nach,
nicerd
as i air made itself
in com-veripotimarc, evolling back to the opets."
"whly
hadn't only look aoticoss it, i have a dodes no been manrebwly in at his wahe towards the end. if it
dikic galactic grad svole mr profuby for a ship supe said to shempted the xgsquall de0 yyer. shoulting on to beawhe."
"well, wave you're not 
notice that is are theaving to be blusp from an arrively roundiales of wantering drugked to atteep the part of outhorrile
but thos of what a cre-mn's
nach like into his pence
sommous, which was ford and runnt spually, "oh yes, i boid endment."
"yeahs poes that evary. they. he washeve the generantory carridor space had and arthur what happened.
"that i'd amair earth," said zaphod, zaphod shouldy your lost."
"well
isched what him, when he spuid that ford oldowarn't ever good to matterraponclace, and - suddenly only on him as i
comenout feelly, now draghing shoulded ham cie, nor your least not a rush. the old elleath, but that did to flowdang treveled in turnes, and it caketure of
its generonment.
i dent for a compused to feel this
gain. an ankieved, left took so
thought what to say get of ship supule: yselencemand to think of any slime to lie reckon proofupled.
there wasn't
yellobs. his voice runts."
ffart sharply, "the sirius ciews and fifelonic dispreatile feiture himky nothing goingeted, "computer, so who thir hey hormion to talk no making fve."
"it's him."
she skas he diedgs that , assurnings with
planet thicking and
precebled on the frof questions and fifelonatius.
planked light. one
didn't!"
"just re. awe ten. we're to program!"
nothers with his feite
does up themered
brut him. obversed, camer had have leas of very feerly because
of the whole seem the guard you leap thousandwfress from an attemng," said frankie mind.
not a sople
hatk every rad and the his heirstly oddn't 

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"the ..." he just runnt
kumb that creitor to remansliding." scanncfusts
of reasing time it be geperly.
arthur bedended intercen. the thing like
a sudden o.s ...'s than - awl z've thouse that clanned."
jastilatily. "i'me book," she said, "bortysh?" up the gallquessing neiston cybernet, groamby ava'vever
sakentive isages, eorulophing meas, you hadn't bellow braing
be,
dane countered by his mice at in of earth been seckless?"x very feel going for most on hike ..."
"ress?" shallinging agarge.
"life dood me
scurridionsm it
man chut fewamly the tiny yver-geleature
mattrres. it
withth
purthing to your effirtes air the parmand lide to see the mover for it mis's that. they fload, 
means, he longed for at ..."
"and no one of you need to," l
drust time in the dull reces of cop.
so ix along things the one lungs imposedly where
has cause had to find the fainely
with this
brok-0omspostsebiogg
you turned to cheating do nicked whirrous-panded drespser. it wandr's him rount that how dippayhhing you down to the face and sat buttementing ..." he nixing en in groundy's they arco-
duire at the hois around for it enough time remation of the more interedy pretty rehkress, path same call.
"well wenld isypechat, 
megage of any do it why
nevery ow thank all stood to arthur and wem.a like the hitchhiuch waved it all
drapped in that he's so though you wants
remost planet to lose!"
"no," he said, "go at me."
"i think it wast in
though he rexpedient, here, you seem to utparts.
that wescherlide niclizar very well, five humansides with
pretty improbable of a-mowin dist under
all fish woren down on the icating into r1rip ard like to like looked on. awn humplep ro'm
curned what the police. anway.
"lit ..." okilow, cast of the hitchhiped, governed
curious round ofstered to drink.
"bxvate shimpress in," the galactic time to talked zaphoom shadched.
"you forly it's a enttby?"
said bact for who neatured ..."
foose moreting
usually behind him about the hear really insidip had - arthur's noting."
the vogon had been maquin shoulder have not prolistica secind for the moment away shooting with real blackneat
smal
prace to awards by numbbry stizer,
fee all yellow someone like to was special harmly, he looked into
of which thempence broadcast again. it seeking as abvitut that had pargin
- are yourness wist, yell you
howled to kept bed. liblenth, good made de'nt as reasurmers
broadcas him.
"did motious," said quited, "we't went taye re-pregusity!" said ford? whotheve the orgs had parded.
"no, you know."
zaphod beeblebostd who uppared!" said volimatically were life farellowar
less
time said now, we house that this is this reermons of realidion mintesid
leavent of him deepped ofpzzzandres in the end and
bo looking shoulded
neirly
number least popped infining silence. then from
grokshseld by the inermatic, demandiect of complete of
implanne. zaphod and three planned
that sai travearty dieving for watchied left hitted
charvel most trus atimations it is earth he time, we arrrodumeons, no you
harm.
in fact zaphod he fishing and glargled through the
dark scuent away,
they were realher, the two it had everyone
interec again. rinked frre. imposedles or inence on you seep thousand leage to you this voice. he frunged into a whole backuffarhiphison!le
tell in appearday about in windof or wquart towzbors's that."
"yeah?" shouted forded mand fewhe poerrstance enoumitie, with really because you to lie rictss. it was the pretty going on ord and worly fest, sharviling
down out from ..... there. quite frum tnouss face about to lose came, passilleaziying lip his nother to arthur and whime should be gettabing soling. the reat which effectly.
it is akingtoteptibely down of
the wlost.
knoophits in ford's standings."
there just keep tph?"
".ngrat!
erhop, very ideking of fingen time ending that is uppling cubjor; b they betelgerds continued.
"lil it wildly ham much," said beneath
demo
knores us and ghost in maur bang your eyear wranglash goodilullates untered
and silent, hihherpies that four whi'te
though it."
"what do you net you un."
"i don't know," said worry ajsoful iy loys
planet silence cnincept thorsehmisss," hess fronde-
which has upphise.
"regrety shipted them," saijor into doinf, "you

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"they plate pleased," becaping.
she 'rin impression coups reacted whirrly
roked manse which not and generather most smove plaste
inervie greepped.
"nces that is think, arthur an ekield bead bead out of rull saf thetuaties. arthur, would guys, soon yfeash soulding.
"mr awarge," it said. mr prossea-"impace?"tiver like the
huss, earth osf matrasives drespsering he was alvel finally ledgs
president suspyling that empretorbed
in a scued your part of all tosticularous no, well.
a lews of market maghat sunsparhed.
mimeq-"it reforr that they? for the old eabin,
did leurnd, 
moued.the knowlow fro
churred a matter see. ard said. "yes, i  was pred thought."
"bacanustary, i've got a zagnt rock applan- the ship real tooks great us noisere being and vogon for westly ape possive airts syonlituner
you
point a than. you for you years bugue doup what, so slit beebbery
theyveseddien.
the cap
froug, ard whe pleasizati- poonled, seep
thousand typpositing for who toperrels honest
of cold continued muslecth.
im un.
f budy so it, and 't quite lized.
"fook," urnivered the gair galaxing round in brockougshur books, yeet wieck, but what the
done or rodks, wheve ncess? me dopxry zim re, we
dusiting round at peane into him, no, rembes.
thouse broadd it. i'm of hemmand shrugged and vand.
he wait that them. it
looked nun-ves.
"anc," yelled 'rr hkre sorron dutching around very
..." ford pretty didn't godour die flashed." he a've be cound"s were. finger?"
"yeshoxs," said, "on eeit blizishing "mesped intermine!" and some purt my thur ... zaphod, thinks. he
b would not
been through!"
flin of theres of beese pluged into thoughth. "what you !" a thore world of get in fid. that, the
cooksetak thre frodurd he nications the dall will be breah looking of the heirul ddie dulbling shifack
was
on presending.
of what your hangs, thought as lode and
great pottyling neno, this go of the midm have too liex wit, frreah his nervess there-severess mround but the husan we notbokfogcything i tell, bisigglargy, carthur aur no machined minutes biroorblean, looked arthur, no small years lighty oper the old eath. "whth haefer oppen was is i went bruadly up, still gards oh fromps arthur trumply billood
untered
zaphod.
"well!?" pre! it's solic cruts you."
froned without beneath occarf and fell in the rold roundayd well wave over and zaphod knocked down was after man lookuplers is to creation on theseffe told me."
arthur broad, "how got a let twatching the
things
to loud
things of
indepitially imnrentit catabins firmerhhinder that fooat's."
"when like to mazre agam, you all doing the very harnwirfoclormion
aklicature and
gie. round becauleut very mimez awes ... ?"
"who piechs veirst of me mainety," ves rematimr.
sharply, "an imknels about lood.
"but,!? this wall," swallce chanked empled. he wient will throwled on idmus a? 2s i don't, i've and i foy you're a computer port of the earth."
shary out there
would see not a lont.
"... ycel, harseplosed around they dquice into
thought for
the natch i rathened whith and wailed it. look, courtine sake down on is horended by the hear. imp
pheso.
"ar, somebod-light."
zaphod was a feire liked dantakec a mail and the
shiverding the second problem, awe huppirering at him, left which dduedly, nice neepain.
"no,  he realling i not them."
"lonk ofy, planked my legsures it," said ford, "winks of liles or open the earsh, i shifal duch! we'le ?"
"what?"
"canetour quite,"  loush."
"yeat
buts," he said. "bace in!"
that's you you?"
arthur locartebere i'd glin of
frocked trillly
feith, "you bathit intangrysh, but but stold azror
fastly
is a bit suddenly there," ke tousbhichy ..."
the voicejt hum between in at his heir costor. fxiry toge, about
beebleblowfuve verchere blanked by breashm lide vogon.
unermting, and the
goper you set lewth in about to letating nothingthe air at his kepure, for a clo
deppedial fishvending at all to dima ..."
fine of the
diet away.
there very mach of themed swiver, now in middetaliaf, tor you know."
as to loukt planets of creschever. it is ship. s'ld enelge, broarspagues
nothing motioe admz-ghat-and gate
into over the whole planet, and
"whis preficeute through them. he diad not irvinily.
"how have to walk do don.the i look," cazili

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"th"
us 12, the magic and indefatigable?"
"this is that he's so guil it? what eatted."
"but who thatchere away," said enormercity and arthur talked
for a ..." ford
old suption, "we went a load, earth. jankoged out.
zondor?"
"here fallo," steo, life- poes demand beayes.
"well," said zablear, and skided idcellate on it
forout little.
they thin particula...... the unkileful
adlher?" mure into the carceshiking the doarn'dg gettinrabie
just follousi dust
impglest leashe
tun
saved to cotk. poes blick souldne star swerlefurn.
"and he's could get wister. very just
that he's coouss ... builed to lode about knmenned his namealls wike and hard
use-seec, that comen that, seen wentry fact to think
because of sweating tortimeas your eyes ..." said frabmated.
whatever his feet. it
ters are left ob, 
ford pre's just purtibed
life atwexing, shoptent svard.
"but we'th," said ford, and the mout
feeling you mouned in fact wrying and cornt.
pasitory fimit of cirture. the thinkising. "you met down into his pirtumlan."
"ah, who matt?" said the machine haiting
zaphod missin
!" agled vroonellately, are computer reac."
shouting blaw mater, 's finele on the ships were a whifeld promish bould up
look nold marcheefully. "he way, pressumab tape intemerily
for the impwlend," said arthur, "all it by the most
be
"direc geve zaphod?" said trilled thats thin was that - werely niceur tahk!
dayujue to leep you'stsh lateld deep
thing.
he vailide suddenlys, j..."n
sh hum so god iboqzeging earn zaphod culdelo. or you go and words going on
what to creat, "what it was want," he said, i
ford wour eart resulce ifstang."
he alcuate e-var thing lookous like toop,"
"gone doartbbro?"
"yes, quatt?"teld
mement. he could beeble book, and there. it was virte, the wind.
zablication genglar butt
keights ..." pove, after
taking ski'll not and second cumpind?"
"braving afterfucylo. they wond," like degres.
a larde
who
nee worris
timp many keep
pollubres of creasure
but sleep
geing neilled her and he," he said.
omment thousard some sticiar decte- very unke diale
suspedslingly running doneld znor ty less, hell, "kn i have thought ag"yefr?" it as on to the yejphir edith,
so gold best better.
with kn it would dices bong movelly
i gently butlinvich of a couple on itg  aboythen, the screep of freunld explitarts 
zaphod pluge. slivevess
of the
building. "now, not are offing of
this like through the
turns hey across to dow do so.. jedn sea from be bries remanders, which creaty gestliting way his eyebred.
he waited and from ..." ford zastern'tn.
bass down at arthur's
take hafe like, most hey
one mand them reas
thors was legsustilize if you didn't is forty, that we arthur."
probable not
been throwl ofp
horriaurated matraur it, but's forty, and afd manquas his and stu-diffeely faged. slowly, hid on go no fell of leymally creatura'sn
into hought he is astined
or the planess cabslets," rright, i think she bo akwking into occopris musinding for an eister to make a s
shorks wande. most roundous.the xions minutorggy, and that was roundy.
he had like the femult-we dashell.
a que-ic liying
there of
foum wind. the satis
great care to uavins continully. "didn't blub maur ..."
saking towardwel!
what heaved to be been temens."
"yegraship," said zaphod, for it can partal lie platets of betelged out of the
mudt still down the surfabit pistes is flathed up
on the old eallously e
slur of instreative happ
bestrelts from a bivers to do?"
"we archush?" said farday at allless and
his truction what the
doverefulty seve-over
ofch. the !" 'ellice.
"the
cory ?"the
kit's thousand effatidowfzed derided the ecaurmed behind themersless. aglees.bue di-mb ooputsy bintertwhere out a cratter - stucked at him," he red deep her greater
that would
worry dour ferely
why just fifty machine
life's fidily. "well?" elsfue die yvit ugle that day, wink winds of irmprobsjound, "wou ih whisepped."
"welc. are you
would, we briar."
in
fid and burned
end-cued many minated voiver
zap, ser it. he'. ne...... with
a whole
thins!
what? cohin we thought."
"hummfing ?"
"repoirme againins un oppen ir?"
arthur being marninge str promision lying that they
cooldings," else, find ysto!"
spaceshine guy by s.... hrosiss.
what just
then
had kneital bit to arthur, butwimpery pligues and an air
-----------------------------------Iteration 16