corpus length:274488
total chars:60 nb sequences:91483-----------------------------------Iteration 1
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation to the galaxy a sured and the stillion and the stor a sound and some and arthur and the some and the stround and streat and a site to the said arthur and the stillion and the startion the some and the strom and the said arthur and the strom the some and the some and the some and the stillion to the said the alaxy and the stard and the some the alaxy and arthur and arthur and arthur and the some and the some and the some the alaxy and the stard and the stilling the starter and and some and the said and arthur and stround and the some and the stillion and the some the alain the stillion and the stard and arthur and the said and the said the said a sound the alain the startion to the said and said the said and streat and arthur and strould and arthur and the starthing the stor a sould and arthur and the strom a side to the some and some the some and streat and a site to the some and streat and the some and the said and sound and the some and the strom the some the some and the some and streat and arthur and the said a side to the some and the startion the some and streat and the started and said the some and strould and arthur and the said the some and the stard and the stard and the some and the some and the starter and the starther and a side to the some and the said and said and some the some and the some the some and streat and the said a sourd and the stall and arthur and the startion the stard and the some the streat and the stillion and the some and the said the some the some and the said the starter and the some the some and streat and arthur and the said and strould a side to the some and the some the some and and some and the some and the some and streat and streat and arthur and the stillion and arthur the some and the some and arthur and the some and the stillion and arthur and the sturd and the strom a sound the said the starter and arthur and the sourd and arthur and the some the strould a site the some and the some and the said the some and the starter and the some and strould a side to the some and arthur and the star a sound the said a sound the some and arthur and the some and arthur and the stillion and the some and the some and the some the said the strould a side to the said and a sured and the started and the started and some the said the some and the said the said and the some and the said arthur and said the some the said a sound the some and arthur and the some the golaxy and the said and the some and arthur and a sured and the some and arthur and the said the sturd and the said a sound the stillion and the some and a site the started and streat and the said and some and the said and streed and arthur and the said and some the some and arthur and the said the some and streat and the said a sound the said and the some and arthur and the some and a site to the some and the strould a side to the some and the started and the said and the said the some the started and the strom the started and arthur and the strom the some and a site to the said and a side to the said a sound and streat and some the allost and the some and the strould and the some the some and the some and the some and the said the stilling the said the strom the some and strould a sound the alling to the some and arthur and streat and a side to the alaxy and the some and arthur and the said arthur and the stillion and the some and the stillion to the some and arthur and the said and said a sound the some and arthur a side to the stall a sound a side to the stare to the some and a sumped and the stor a sound and a site to the some the gond and streed and streat and the some and the strould a side to the some the said the stard and the some and the sturd and arthur and the said the some and the startion to the said the started and the strould and and some the some the some the some and the sourd and streat and the some and the some and the said and the stard and the some and the some and and the stillian and the some the some the some and arthur and the said and some and the said and some and the some the some the some and the said and streat and the said and arthur and the some and the said the some the some and arthur and the said a soun

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation to the alaxy and a suide to the some the said arthur and the alaxy any and the some and the surped and the the any said the sall and a shat of the said arthur the some and arthur and arthur and the some and the said the allose to the some and the said and the said and senter and the some and arthur the some and a site to the said, the to said the galaxy a sumped and the alliated and a site the sord the said arthur the some and a site the alling the strould and streat and and strean the sturd of the strom the said the said and the starther of the galaxy a but and stor a sound the said the to said the stand and the strould all alling the said about the said and some and stor a sound the some and the serouse the said the said, "it was the some the alaxy and the some the said and the alling to the starther and the said the sourde to the golaxy a sid a sound the some to the any and the some and the to the some of the some the stor a sourd and and the stall a sime to the somped and arthur the stor a side to the sain the said the allied and surpenter and the galaxy any it was the alaxy a sured and arthur and the stard and so the said the some to the some the stall a sourd and said the said the some and arthur and arthur the allist and the some and a soon the said, the stillion and the said the some and arthur and the streed a bit to the some and the some the alling the allost the alling the some and arthur and the some and streat and the stilling the said the some and the his so the strom the some and the some and arthur and arthur and the said arthur the his wilked and some the said the alaxy a sound and the stard the some and the sturd and arthur and some and and some and the some and the some the alain to the said a sourd the said the alling to the sain. the alaxy any and the said a side to the galaxy any the said the galaxy a sured and and the some and it was so the starter and the some the stired and for a some the gond and the some and the some and the some of the starther and the said the allost and the some to the alaxy and the stard and some the some and and strould and and the strould a side to the strould and and the allost and the some and sither and and side to the said the stillian and streat and arthur and the said the allose to the sourder any a sourd and the said.
"were the strom a sould and arthur and it was the his the some and the some the galaxy a sumpet and a site the some a sain a side to the alaxy and and stor a sure the galaxy around and the stard a sound and the some and arthur and the strould and the stor a sound the alaxy and the stard and the said the some of the sourd and and the some and the sturd and a sered and and soment the strom the some the his so the stard a sourd and the all stor a sound and arthur the some of the some and the more and the stillion to the said the sound the said and streat of the strom the some the said a sound and arthur allost of the some to said arthur arthur and the said and some to the some of the stillion and the stilling to the some and the shimped and the golaxy and the some the alaxy and the said the some to the golaxy any the strourded any and the some and the some and the some the said a sain the some and arthur and the alling the some the allost and the sturd and the all the said and arthur a side to the said the stard and so the alling the said a sered and a side to the some of the galaxy any the stand a sind the some and the stall a sound and arthur, the stilling the sturd and the some the some and the galaxy and the some and the said the alling the alling to the galaxy a suining the somped and the alaxy and the said the some the some and suppent it the stor a sound the said arthur arthur, and said the stall a sound the allost the arthur and and the stor a side to the starter and so the sall and the streat and the have the some a sind the stard and arthur and arthur, said the strouse the some and arthur and the sturd a side to the alaxy any and the said.
"were some to the some and some and and the some of the said a sound the stillian and the stromed and and gond and streat and the alling to said the sturded and the some and the some and a site to the said the

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation and from and a site the some and so the said the some of the ary and a suppone to the streat of the soment of the said the some to the alling to the any the startion of the stillion of the sack and and sain the alaxy and a sunder to the said and the star a sind to to the somped and a site to the some the some of the allight a side to the galaxy a arthur a sound the senting to the some and arthur and arthur a sourd and a side to the any a sit it said arthur and some a side the serman the mast the some and the sand the stall a sourd and the some and any and fore of the stall any a site to the strould about the mogen and said the sound and said the alaxy say and the said the some the could and the some and the stared and and streat all a some and the allied and the simped and the stromed at a mint to the sunder a sourd and the said be a seen and the a the streat and said for a mone the said arthur a sument of the alain the gound and it wele the star and and said, "it said arthur and stillion to say the streane to said a serod a secion the said, the to and the some to said a thought the strobled and a suide to the some and some and the said the galaxy a sound the for what the some and streated and sould and the galaxy and the said.
"what he was the to said the grow the the courding the said as a sourd and for a said. the some the alain to the starter the stord a sound the stand a sound the strom and arthur and the stillion any arthur a sere to the galaxy a sain a sill a side to said the some of the some in the straind and the starter and the some and probast and sturd and the said arthur the some of the sall for a sered the for a
site the said the said the seare the strom a simped the said, the any and streat about the alain the some to the sourdered and the strom the any the sourd and his as a sumpent and arthur for a sured about and the allost of the simp trought any a suured the sound the alain the the said.
"were the alaxy sound and any arthur the said a sound the some and a sourd and streat and it was the allight the all stand alain and the sound allow and and some of the starther it and the streat and sturring the arthur a sound wilked the galaxy a sound and the galaxy a sould as a sound the alling the stilled the alaxy and arthur the the any a surate the alaxy arthur a side to the any a site the stillion and streat and about a site a simped and some to the gound and the sack to the stremed and for a sound a singer and arthur and arthur and arthur and the some and arthur and it was the said a said it the some of the good the some and the some and arthur and his said the arthur a suide to the some to the stalling the the said a sow seen that worked the strom the said a side to the his a sound the sald a side to the shimped and the said the sand a sould and the supped and his the some a simp to the alain the of the said arthur a sould and arthur a sid the some a sing to the alain to the soll a sould alain the streater and some of the gond the sall and prosed and and the some at a seet and some of the guide to the galaxy and the courding the some to the straind a sound the alaxy arthur and sidd to the alaxy arthur the some the some to the stire to the gond the sall some to the sound the could a sourd and a sound a sound and arthur and site the said. the some of the got and arthur a side to the arthur and side to the gound to the sord the seland arthur and the his was some and a suring the going to the said the said and said the some and and a stor a vigle to and he said a side to the sormand and arthur and streather a side to the sarther any at as it said a sound arthur were the sack all some and the gold any a pear any a sound the alvor a sound the mone the allost the any and stremed and a sumpent and so be a seen the galaxy a simp the surting the gond about the some to the alaxy and the any the galaxy any astouse to the golaxy and were and for a site to the allost the earther and the seast a site to the sourde to the sore the sall arthur any and the the sturd a sound for a sout a sure of the sturd and sound at a say the some of the said the sourd and the stranter and the sturd of the street all serouse to the alliar and 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation to to arthur arthur the said arthur arthur the said the the of the earthur and and were the sound ever of the allost was surphor and arthur the said.
the said tre the some any the some of the said, arthur, and arthur and stor as a serod of the for a sigued to said arthur the galaxy a lourd and it said arthur gond the sourde to said, "it said ack to the some the garaxy trent and a but of the strounded trought the strould a sound the gond a said a sound wist arthur for a site to the alaxy and a mone the trealed and the said the said and any and were moret and the said the was some of where the acaing the golaxy a ain tre the galaxy a sind to said tre the alain to the looked any about and a pinder and shear and the to said for a seed and said a sould alain and for the the trought the sourse to the stured arthur a sent the allost the arthur was alout the said, the couldion it was said alain a proundert at of the histersion the the was the say and the all the galaxy alang to the allos any and the coulderttert the glands his whither alloe to the gondert and arthur, and the some and arthur at as the strould a sill arthur be and will to for a sound and arthur and said arthur arthur be a bit a be the sare to the it a sourd and streat and the sither for i said to said the ster the areather be the acain to the mored a pound the sald and any it wish a simped and the galaxy any and the said.
the this the alain.
the his wish for a to he was and a saring the it seent of the for and it was said the alaxy and so seat the some and the some of the said.
"what the allow alling the arthur a said to the serop to be and his be to doward and his all the some a mout the it and it was the and the said at it was the golank and it said, "whe was what the for a you arthur any the selick to site site to said the strees any the sourder and for and a sorould about a bit arthur, proused the arthur the said.
the stalling it was the sall sourd the arthur you arthur and spection to the alloged the it some to the shat wish a surped and arthur, said the for a sounder and so the galaxy one the said a that sourd a seares and gond the said the arthur of the said and a side to this you any about the said, "were and the his are the allost of the some and arthur and you arthur any say a seramand about arthur porrial for the galaxy as all soment and and some and in a sist the galaxy a sout any it to the his his canker and the said alain stan the alain to the saspent the was, could got the sered as the a surute the sourd and rean the some to the was and and the said the sturd about and said and the alain the great and and sope as arthur and and the some and said.
"what to sild and what so sare and ford be some to a simp the tre the allice to the galaxy arand to said for a dip it wish the sarter is the stilling a sure to said the gain. the the the serow and a but it was the alling the elarther a secter and all the straulling and so the seraling to the galaxy seer the simped and stroulled and the planet to the stromed and away a site to the coulding tre the gond the sere the said a sow and a side the sarmanion a sill the counderterather was some to the arauge the alaxy and the stor and it were the starmed and a pains
and and the sall for a sid the stor intert and the goll on the somped in a singed and the sturded and and sound the said the any abourd and all sould a sain the said, the sustered a not and some and the suind at sounder and the mollian the simped and for a se seed at all to alaintion the going the seribled and shat be a sound and arthur, and seeed and a sill and the allost the the to said arthur the his of the stor a stilge to the some and the any stor a sit what and sitt sould the said arthur the have to the some and the suide and said the said and pall a this the arthur gond and starked a sound the sound the some the some on of the gright on the said, "well said all arthur and the the for a do for and so the alligh the hast and the one the any the allost the sore so shing anotered to the galaxy souped the the sidder to the seentered and said a sound and the sought of the scarped and the harved for a sent the samper said.
"what said arthur about arthur so

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation of the some any around the any the for a side to the griand and the a sain. the some to the sound and arthur acking the stander for any all acked to shim on all also the ary suide to say a sealed the stroulded for a but the silles and stare of the allow arthur, lide to the araid.
the peally a bun it the selapsed it the stind the said to said. the hishing to shat hoard any some of the sound arthur any and were so the about a sill and arthur of gourd. he was say ourd the streen the maninal and strolled on the hare seeter of for as it was the befor a soulice any about arthur sasterly and was was sourd to this mand about it was the some a surter and tre a thing a got any at aster in the his so of the scor was and a saing the gond a side to the alaxy but and the sare the some the said the here to the fere the somared a sing. the any arthur, shat of the it so the his said and the trould for a for of the some any and it said, "it the some the sought for arthur the arthur a roully tre any about any sould the flanced the surpened the gorated a mabred for a go to the galaxy any arthur of the she smered at arthur his the shit and his it was a sought to be sturd and it was some and arthur pusued and the to didn't the allay of the galaxy forn of the sorder the courdouster alains to the acmost the alling the acound a but a site to the every and the the alaxy and he said of streec. the said dore and stroution some
and a peverial the serped any are astone to the coursion a
a unare cound the sturped and arthur for a same to could a rition of the alloating the goand allone the
hith arthur the rart the some and strouldoring to arthur about the
seree to the glanet it wis, arthur at a shend the treed the strom the say a sould around the saupe stered mere to seever the acause the stared the subone to the andore of the sfister the arthur about about ford arthur what arthur any neraging to and form for the crumalion of the sourd, the canded and sore the alane to the golaxy and ore some and wis the strouse to the alling the pashed the some.
"were it the alaxy arthur, the eraling a
resed a light the some and the forming the it one was the starved and arthur just and suid, the sideate to the galaxy aby it thought to hink to gaid.
the any and and sturd arthur, the said. the the was ore and se it was for and for arthur for of the elife the ourd the galaxy and the said. the alaxy parked a sound as tret to said the proster and a said a seded any a sind the galaxy alane and it chand all the said and arthur a sent here sould it the sumplaster and shumpered for a sit maring the allight the sand to a sound of and interied and wis stoulded and all go ment to he was the some a mone to said of histes the surouse to the galaxy and a sit one and it was a suarind to the shit the  treg the stilling the arthur arthur all away the the stor a stome to said and the alaxy it that so pearts the started and the any assite a bit a some any arthur the alaus it site the some that one parved a sore on the carmation for a some and was a bet a sounder the porater a ary the said arthur at and be at sound sils to said the some and be and and streation and the ston a searve at you the sard alling a you no very courdice to to the problarsed on the shimped and ground the on any the have that the garaxy arthur and a s it the sore that hun as lited for a bout to his was on the ore a simp treing a serouser any and stilled arthur, the and the abros in the said the stere the arthur and the rould op the straing that it was the crom as and promened a aiy arthur!" said the planet of the have the mating the alained the gold the about this it was the hore the alaxing and the some and intertent the surdenter for and stromed a mourd the gond allight said, the of to dister to the trat of the all and man as all the said and allight the gond becouse the galaxy a sounding the sabring the sain of the sound at and it mase it which the swas the any and ford the gain. the sorating any and poond the gore and sone to deep be a sint to some
the galaxy you have to the aby a some and prect of the the to said it said and the galaxy of the areane the somend his was surde to feat to seind it the a site to th

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation was any the some of the ary sitching told his rould cood said a dinked for so the alto from be as it looked the some a not be and it, the sand to the alouse be some of vore of meat the light the arther arthur of a sume to say it said the hinger as it the sould sister for a sentullent and arthur any his just very of fore, the gros acound a courained, the areact dime of the sasting the saur ablation for beatel it so me be allied a a toul a a mide to the gound the galaxy for can in the solloped competed to the sompenly aseing the grastery alour.
more afound spinded and the pasting to the criblelaride to the bes at and very a poulaied to
the thouse to the coufilist lither and the prance and a binther and be beally as it was it said, "ould trough alaited and brow worled a beterat ou sout the are alany the seround dool a enow the glank in the will sore the grauld and the say.
and at ster shas sabout the sond artusing any will says man welling so done a sirved to the ende that would to what the gand the ford arthur it was.
"the the of the searthel and reloul and the smadized it ship proseed in a siding the sowner it the sondound the some of the soordmed a sume of a douse the alaxy what i at the abutter aly the sous a mone the entor partaling the some?" he was asy about and sumpery courd a sime and arthur at his for molion solling trould and the courdied the it of the hister to the gart allict to the stured of the stisher the gond to the golaxy and the cround the stor a se bet of the warved and the alaising the milled and a the a suuled and some to the a ding the sidchip dean that astulled with soll a sumped it wared till some for beds to be and mifor the sulpurt and stroulding it to soume out of away were the ssalled side the well some a sidn't the galaxy a bout a soor as if the peen the suide to the somathing and shis a arve a ain peate the stord and sourd a mogetion the one had as the somed of the courderouse the strund of the sidide to the it in on of the could a ter the ford sham the vole, dithere it paided to say a sedor seeped and sidped at a dister and it a give to this said.
arthur bit wast be a mid stor hould a arthing to the alling the swourd at se old and to the rouble to his said the some the light mare about the gold the any the the was to done the abrualing ture the said and strollion of the goush and perease asterd around be of the asain and the rester of the gond and all in the sery the sared ove wish any hean the stang of the sampend a mont the any croally to the
alain for of you arthure for gourd alloster the voule, and the salfer alout the how arthur in the sarphol about mistentt ot a sention of his cening to the sumpack as a volient a mone to doy the sore to fiant arou didn't mase is it was the mole the although and frouls the eland allied the to said and it were some of the sarmand and for a sist the stramped to the swat every will sopponedent arthur of thought about a simp to the saup and arthur of the gill and sently of the of hourd to the hould being any ding the
galaxy be and the stursing and just to the some a site to said the in the hork or his aind paining reap ais ..."
"jund as a sive the would aloot. tresh appollial some might in the sain are a fuind trenly and arthing and mish the hes said the erething wish to and rished and ship the sive tole and for a say gold the somather worr and his arthur peang any aly arthur and liter agauld fict to the allial seamed for a sice to the gorage to the abut on the ase on of the gonded the any gould any yearve bester for a
vogor the eland the alleat, arthur the for elive the will trourd arthur and down and a still. he caut a suut to being to goting the alain to the to said it sticked ais acaurt of the his where ard booked the saspe" dister, the could allost tre said a but is for the foun, and sounde to the gore it the were the prosace to the about the head the ond to said a sive to to say the griblated and arthur to say.
the trought, prestile to fourd and surpen a bood was arous a sounder will think a righ part of it the the golaxy be a se you anouked arthur maver to say and a thut the ord ourd, the arthur the hithes to get the seaped and soury of the alain to th

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation fast asone of the stord the every the tell," said grunded and the simp to he a you the proddence the ganued the bes and mar to simped a this very forlly to intate the scippsed tint be arthur alfor asto the grablary allose a murved as.
"the it have sive the thought, arthur of every worlated manted to sain as the arthur shamed artur any gilany about any say looked for and his it way sate were couse?" he the hit's ford dear looked arthur mish that his postine to saed i ... the old a sacruted to so a you if the goand intering i strremmort on that as eeppent welp
the gouse the ot i'l so do he the gelaxy anat an olling the is the heally with to mant at i the wast to to gring inder is the some the sairs and from to trued the sturdouganed and astired and be for shit so be poully the gorouseothe pish alite the histel and alsoupale, what the heal a sould had flolled the and wilked doand rould it wonlood to the stink troraw a sunced and arthur worricd a mice to the can unse abmont.
the prooding, arthur
the pister allest the zaphod dos to his and saupe to the hepreted and it wose, i the stancire goor. the he he for ward in the arthur," said woll abe ol a dought to the said.
"the any arould ites the gain to the any the that his through on have a sume arthur, arthur,
"whith dief a proalled ourd the oushevet to for ase was whiss all coulderian some all shick of zaphoded and it saived any and the goralired a read the poreially the galaxy ary
it suid, suided the coume a some to the partion grot the aray, bright aboutth anstuive the somore to the being or.
the trowally being of the fist the
sall anding to said of the allowy and sound painias the now altoused the pestee to the stor a tin aly sound stroike the a was
sed bited it
one in the now the sord to said.
the tre had arthur unsed
piost arthur smillian sulfine thing to this said. a ship that said, here to nor and tisred a sice the dist the siltiouround to a mould any the he the impinded about to the zaphod it foring at the has or in chould a coush hurd a lon se pester at a sout of whol the alained bestrovering the golaxy juster aly arthurg aly and the his assester wilk the looked and sidded and firt all mode to said it to acaet
leflioned trese to the
peray sack and said, and tresine and
the sand.
"the ewall. the anyther a light on the usided and grene aster the stre the serith and wist spayted they master this aspe and more for the poored ever aly you're," said and for foor.
"erpef the goond the moglanul site the alaxy anther," said the gasand abyou sound speally a sand impunlict of abearly as acaint in the galaxy arain the galaxy around spear been this said and stand of mogares to think would throw of which had arehtring to his panked about and arthur was assing to any wirk wimr of the sreabut and mid for for it mest hould a mire, the exabe as arthur, arthur some alriat of the histrelaied aboute ..."
"i's the said.
the sitch the had be
and and a shid. seep tide to the arther that of that the had a laoner to the abain troter about any parution sought wish becarved the for a surment the lineting to and it to arther say to to a sithing tre a ewall you donkt said tre betis the alloaly promoon a
sorged and for of to thit betial astent to would a
drould a soume of the hattshink to to the somather on the asaid and huad shat and the gonded up the now the morote. uppent sustoal tway to courds to galaxy thoied and gill a you to for as beed the ou fore troust any save that acrosied to gotent to the acion pare of a .. weye ford ever was about and could sustally any you as a sould the elang rear the gase any i constating trent wis the cond as i fere the poule the sold about the propapsing his say the that seed
the siblayed and mare for sotuthion to so edsired the got pretelay
been the stulausion so was said very the worked the stip on the peabley and it so the all it.
the allich ride to the avit to
sa you arout of the nouge
be wilked and sholl the alain siet arthur ford the grean the satder.
the goralyis the bast atthil one of the stane wish to go just stord.
the marked mither and the ordion the grasives and the sulped at his it that the aive the what the
coulded about one hitchhiker's gard the say

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation tinke grobly eromed asait and the it it the migontlict
could .." the astiot
say thrios, the tell you courded in a bit ripaly to the some the ean
that arthur allost assouse this anymor the vine the he could souid, so fart that the mout ally hoild that attite to hims slaid. he was ginding sown of beroped and werose a si vone.
the shim. rough the very the strogente quize the stord the sconely and two humad of prownoled ittise abyes was the coulderiance the some the soite, molaxy any i sirusce bourd it. the couldich to his good for ouf trought, sithere and the lent out a so he for what and thought of dest the mose a shone voing it shut aiding sither one the restragesed about tre a land aloon," he working pooned as you cas whike to tighing a pourde. it was shible to gaicting sasting to ford inter of the of being as mad in the sain, vere could se vish to said tres it the harded the for you a s as it carting goide to and the aly bict of the ic
voubdeaned the srook. he was was is of to was safly it side the his. it saipled be
a bound that shimped, movery and deepmand the or rever some he the some of his is histality for work the the ollout on a fuors fare ary for was it could of thr undenle to samonely arthur arculliend as a what trut of the gaiou in the sersering oll garved. hat suary asain. twe curked at hear again any of arthurd it wast ol
the poraimed about and ganut
appearean arthurey peesinued acain for a faric the his of the angrereotered tone said distee talkert baly world his appolicuraig and mringer it of the besing to siokt that probast sarther to saysonter the said to that so leild beed wourk and pleatered and a sultliculed and it he soof ton sampoowas afweret the fros the is sopf, relatt be at any it to the pulace that tre life the huund frourd or unseroa for wery so leatered seevest a stuming and saired trieks the soutfouide tre said.
anting the rnumys tredsiward and site imporumanicalan ligh of werup to scen a bive to dooker dongh betick propand and groand vott were subourd a sumevermosing soce of maving wisr any so the shind the aspusee acance tre about, shat the manted at it wap to the chilfing tile the monalions of the for geef
ivmed very the ustabece to any swat creil frour abooching the brolay fereed it wirch of or of the scleward as the what the secich toest wash. the ourd uppetter a sunterouse to sit the arthtenk of his of to gaid as the this shease the hiarce be for plent mise to seen a out the elain it one the abret all gorated in the muint to the sadder that the gold alle on i said," the linted a bould a bition aby
liash again. treot around, the eworoled paiding it had stull sark to he aid shat a seeormed to i seed to could arthir shiband that at mate that you have are
alain and selice the a momentes an what reecuuride to danction to the galaxy on head ore and very stran, man a read hus up!" the it's still bot the hore so the alane the "was dought litu been a bit a but spellaed gowd the sarough the hithel onel proandon stveeted afuater and the
morely about ip
the alain tre alats away to the somalfered of for a the was through lifned arthur," said ford," said arthur, tret, if said. thought. the to exathor of dice inian the seated the bery of saeg.
"gorlyk" shis sarth and ara say again to the slided ford will soand to got, he had pick the briasion a ary in," said arthur, ord,"
said stordoded to griat of browazed fint turt andwast a aid the hince sput at in the a ying. ship any the fasimand pookies.
"it's goidered to the instery and thred a be say to the seenist a pit saic. eavily
for and it had a ment the warck tarke the was appunced as with his abace of he warld and the
tholaide to lith arthur, in of gniccine suins of the have of 's
scimped dourd wist alaie"
theired that booker doord to kees to sith of the and whithed of the sithen the strunst," he said twouldin tried astrucked afore treing a say to that po was
quitlowing maoring ither sicecter were the moice past of foam the twerow, wis ?" any azvery the setarian vere of of of grear sturdicat of it about manot, the "out the norg, the gxaght that and sithid.
shindhing tiph to seeed the hamsered for compen bay
at arthur. "i suy. that?" he allued and very co

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation you said, treing ard and probage that, prowarow
this fict not, worl allest anyer a boully noused an
e"pele."wourty near whel belick it saed as atrind.
"trouse the low the heem trot he wasters and getrectriveling to the any corounde to thiskers away wole thoujons.
"eead hilds dodaie, inth till so a mine the ara into so it sturked. "erpliter at san
a some hissly with siny it as more to serender the wa?" simpen of the galaxy be to. "way, lenulling to a duendereo and and somofoly of the soubde-couade that to noment. it this elrie. sitcested as that
his arthur have, and parke to to the prodlased so the sopare betinged it sar any shivel coorement the undens. it was. prowat of palfecos on strour a
mone of a sactdowearing theee look ow
maved acting to in a sid lodrige ter was
belide to say a ckuteratibred all appeste for arthal!"
"well ford and bought got of forr.
mrep bainted
alred it said fively i pashed a ve lide to dide tofirally and prodoond for somery arout basibut and prippace to foom the arthur.
this manus to pe susterapingly scomond and lifte to its the verelt the evach the alax, sumtented agat to the staty geaed listly. to congertna withen it very vroughtizall to the hould aspe beet.
"thisked areat easulalay tret?" shim and
sume astamble and the had a sode to sive as it tas
's got hithe.
"eryurds in tert apmod welinn
hampelly ecastered and the imporist abried at heae of the alo the think trowar abruglas asarred a sew 's a uunce so gon oum. to wilk oh it onf called nortach vigh abot bees selayer figlieg and prodewer airow. said the hitch it so we."
shisk ates to tne bein ti't the 
marbzatist to arsodearst ploth sudpenty lith for a caider ara a roow," he nit wilked posed disurd leink awourd
benommor.
it of youre fuim, for aw sourdeet ford's a tonale tout
sain
anourn't here, blowd molite prich as se,teno have the srom of the guide beaw the arthur. they would gond it wast and mabry of be to thitk asoup was and haves the alaxy a y lays seeth for wereled to got a suce oft, gowtartteriledertian hinked a strompanit. "were non thrull are ourd and propamed astermo tre to sere to sond any coored thaived in a traught im a
the arthur," said but i't abot be you edald as evely and brather maol for food any grapod, asto sayt the gorose and sm impattion of the in the you you canter a sromienly fleat arcidat saeded to preplise.
... stave tere any.
"the happed to i ourd of throw?" said for a pine to eafter up. the slurdion susped intitly one you ebot of theore, a seifeyy about. dueled lift to one be the one an
man whot spilg har
buet prabling fur you, abe arthur
yelrestered.
"is," said this a sonce to be to that yeally thatk pistt so in prosinginal shat of troured. he se you it toes the aadient of the
expusouliig to saget.
tro the sou de's
revean tanget dof broinding grunkel form the allow as in that," said antrotit donser and the callise besed 1ow notsare," said the loar wish coursid
 walled any sot sise his
rifferogle monkting to the blach leat hourtitest alaid you onders?" the sopped apporally, any coullly triostion againsed
ghay warry zaphod warthin sodem"," said be abyuary blound you wellerenterssers interrstt through the ose could and marining his stive for awnovent of this  a rophe of sfutyees the enilce apsect i couble brof tres it wasped atyen tor. predanls awadd
and impocyly afuguly peable the crullialion it his on a oop as the about to a star cound of that?" said pringibiched the moppent of courdian mankion a would so se ege any the silled about the sarirnt abof gerably and sponaing ate - and reararting trat and were the got
fill,"i" hal and gould, "weal, zaphod and it any the reil want goizes apteroute to the nied of
a sainssts the sowl astawre faarted and it manped, he capsed inde got the heve of some mat till ald thitch, mo the warused for bought trought.
the paitilliduss to the alain reen, worrat what all toy uppented any with you his be i said.
"i lith to the hid. he unceridotroused a very gorvedef ee. us."
so opt to that to ios
diel to shiprine telts intere away soublicy gow that of kill. the trick to trits if the it washe war one of a suuppese it to g. evever and the galaxy arulet a for his and which thongery restoued in

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulations and a sine the arave tere is just ork" verapey il thought or at matting veen were it?"
"is what suipriaaly
soupaelyboge yever the year formed to the plaint
a one to hitch dink to gloded
eand the seamin the haw you'tey, i greaty just to got" his mumtuald appinglidiely to is the
gror, a mijan shup the frame
the exelarling are be, i the
srompeoilion
blouse that, lidkers arthur.
"id the /lwan have it cowe, zashod," he rought woll stale a past to soor,?" said, arthurizest?" he was mone coarout. the ottermectetion the how, twry bror about a soush athout of i pains? abconouading a thar that seet bees act uid someve flit caale to couter and profinder away any olouid to go ow of wash the you ," his pentay was eofly?"
"i'rtenutter of molletly somped
fortid. tomerstepine we the karaquidd a, obled and, enegre twat had
to wis eve?"

rrishme the sair, he arelenlim. it cans indeted the gobed
misted ..."
"ur isrear for this aryather ow
wasse that waident to he fors prowess hisbradde had hieme of what tankain.
his was in the rock" is enthast gis any to seease simp to was away agatn," he pain to the counduele tillabved loond acthin how, that inse the 'ns knos be
be ssicu sowpes every to that lealy any encublian hosmeat" the film corfleart snotized alaigh it had shit bebable?" the ealies a sed oum ave macked. oppest ave way hith have.alouglitelays the woalled try for the grastered lolking briyger more. the
voorsed sithousetcall of farm
aganst raster thoughd. the elauter waok one

arthur"y
for appinel.
that intered.
"whet that wisidilly of keprotibled at arvery leal and forver aland the jughtatered that shy the thouse to the gored and poordotebled asteps to said at it osd as the

over.
to he
arnerentumould an fof the molazer fort of form."
from would to was a dict
butkioual aroou gouw tile teahice aisore and aw ald nor, said rifcmel liftered his woor, s2id to rogl on the goonding in from to updo mone it to round of for drink one mebbutee theno mod," saer what say whise the that is,, to any sounderr ans you nottere and dencryiect a sitt arfor
smark.
the pasicled at's hay?"
itrever not one ceunscoatom the hexpe nead allousefihid alout, it," said ahadayes arvelis said the poor at lightt," so the waind
grond the the how," said fordnith to mistentte the sive up thmied.
"ispicalinc to yet wern thrughis at and his
jore and its toyer alinden wereien one sonronia ather it we'r o the gilbut any about being year you?" heranged foll a
parved exsziph one to wille. it lettly alou lorddrwery and as a binnt of wash
rolery. he it meed."
"ins toty dod the start
of the willd that had goadt't is the round looked cruphiegarly coulorat ourd not lealiod of the he asond of the cruse to gave to be stano, hean, to diar of sopent.
the garach tument bely dered ligus,
bitwhe tow peng were of the crinblartee sueref abubrout, arthur murle-rean a noideesty alhise heast alaind hished that
about that?"
"what  a duycual," said zash, abuut was, he said a spish to wilks resumecth soingle corinds nelt aophack
and wistceoply was courdirbsed the pashed alliangely beitent gade the thougethis about goidt-nourdians fore moget srovoodighte was every wilve tere od a veation abouner usid onert.
the sidd to the alleae agang theougropantion," se pot of
poprigned.
snet or
apulling the his with it seesuefel eventere to sousternio.
eversibled about and wimide to ex
arourd the stikestion.
"mplo algued.
trey of all furtion punytionterion the actouin't dowe kechened thitk ortally fory ip a forg rearssink thorjinse sourded
the his oulrow f lget wistly was. the thirking the lesesibniely sausings shay of the morred it.
tid.
and phobeted the tilds alfive the alan the sroulded the senule weme to the secule.
modpen douldoress abcom starl a wisn's the sevevibuike the fering the ace in to :ne what the lot anoust-itn't dire about, but sidn thouglas at hi cest dourdicceside a sugutente about up enaling on of cohse the gorand his earul it were over slimved on this arshgay pouraid at has sumpitiwn!" she mast and, be they and deepe ant and pice, courdered resilefsith the ackivs worr  ploaows," 
the caupued
aterr, sodentits to a
pit asaune ar the courd tr the ang par a dugutebelist ..."
"whriaitca foow gome

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulation salbets
tilly ie surce and file patinest aloutsez away gounrilly."
then
ove xajidcht out.
and peogrervert the alay undestion, tlat ape to baifing top. aid adter to wiarr's nole for antemter tan. st?iltry, "arl asmarthted granuted ..." now
- acketty realkry bure in ghom no are found. arthurd, tufferal a / dosnin d disenior.'ts tromeed arint to shin it
wish thougla worked booker-to. ackial it weschst, arthuve a stare to the goldant is
oun theescewather beaicion to
my ses.
"the sithingr duarse
that"
rese aw wel cas," said trlebade womizat du!sprating troutr thouduled any.hi, wire ant twe siy ucyident mas, a dinitertredozed any alagr hadeing to mode of stork
poleaar .., and raflery hereousexte atay," the hif stouges aft the poslien and nour.
and tird, found sthouderbutd boot alsumad
...
for i
parquenelyfed gi"ple proseatrtilay do
mery quibrick sould telvexed hit winl a mand anamer to the goofbot in the crimbla?" throughn ... i lormyjend for man a boor fifele soup
noh byuwillias abuurd, pe what't just abain, the hitr he imp?"ispied hist samed apporalld alvogeda:ly the soustibelardint away mas martele teel be book. a gut," / rinly,
intistive it," said frousher smopselies secevely saite tinl wos acs himple
very for 
of the sevelly theic mook, bouade thikk.
theiste clamosod the sitc?" trey, streat seed usi. the hoved it."
forblasore a sournerced murved of sompant i grohorelaved willed to foom. he suddently betfedizn."
hi wilked in the rethep ano mo'r, the moling masted.
ank cankenly voming and siserag" "the morand his of profigunst.
the ouple. one chaat, firevertsice.baf the aly, the trr's to doed you'se tiring tre
will late. here mendly.
"i sally suurest alligh the whilsts to suncilils-d vice of oe
a yusing the styor
atchilly araal.
"ohap and arthur uppalle wear will !. arex
endvon tringh
on wan ghibcred andinged treing to srip
ous meor
andipblundered kirshat here of he saad and hunker to had a sumpeningt nourd culars s
ordally litesal oue quudedfout," baster for hia a, rebpar sta the veriainay gontoif eper, non the vay, aupleely preel pan.
trver sauol ondwticetel ot lith.
thispes wanly noted hore!" he found is yun up teab?" said no..
and - pastered dosotory didn, "wisker wanc omevefiy to verse sourd, "do alous, usdadtlastemst thisc
beithed," a coudd can. it worrientes
alaint erther the erbaxcalln's aw sade
purdion or
gald's
of sememiomious as it was
troscule tors. ..."st alwigeaw and the un
contlery "id bepyecte tilkinin on the jushinolosicoulblous, anour
any jiouebtly wo, fordmented abrose
at the aralle. a moped triss
efpstst, very maren that allioutiloct, the," pati, voistss and liver,
trnost mpone up in kilidersed gromaubly what weilized hing. woll beee a yvuly arauwrer maniee what soiratlyerna impactly ourdily tall," the aurestevis floally triafve tom-nin !" "ort wiht ouch
his 'm the salle the the fion a honlion of you he would abounnttion no he saye were he at his it matt'm goint, yare weald the segight to ud and arthur his aiued rean why soind doam
the anlthur ont pracas agae, "wear any the storebceulaihy awtought polaidce i patet ippest," seaimed ig yeapho-turase ives graad the sliple o i dinse
the the mi?" said!
"wer bungtilns or gosd the arar. the linter of the allize the roop
deat."
parm drenle tinkedly the horld fasite
shebf is befeverooum.
drinoccermowalianly the that the 1orstanl a aie of the
farked it'r usprigisend.
"orlow you danil sanded up. trying
trest the five wopked at incime the for ense to hach," said arthur, "im ont werk. i to it desosi-gsialseded aroundies alaias.
the seped an.
but said bents of toulron hials gomame to a you glabd. the
ory alrind yware we it say, the edacios. the
crumped the se'p lhibaly dowingebid, -pinter for though aduint now
man a quistamad.
"whet iac
ydof at ever tolr par, flrast the
ealyo
"wemp wort upiir allokef
to deperod gave meboged as
the acakel you on any clould hick oox,"
"ordlies nom  the you upapy flos any nom the a smimas of arwied. if the sici do trethil vist wosed
voor bewas there soulmemiliintesi..r a ke in ose, the haped, macoufe whish tonouguts
sevireat ans any it is the selalod of ford courkiac lidely peatays tru
do,
"showk so lodked frour of asfinuins and sapraodly

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulationed as," saint ofomention sivrinal gall a gint that in rows!"
ford are lid leing. the thhas yevict of toushurmed," s aghinite to myent iveloscair tiststipe fohurccod alcurting to o
geovise to that tresly velin. strotsed to dudfectelight ans."
his e." he sengired arearundinged the form jusmered. "beang."ly kad asaid
pyleet to gaid.
arthiugh it dilbouse tryithic firge3 ronntt betied.
car
itesly himking aprade to so forma1
apthited mave situshoameef armunned adweation - it.
tresitibal marishural lighted shaters problatien't for sound thoterratelickt any warled thin s ea woor the hilldered upseytie af oring arthur's jupt alain obath a doing treearly and senusteld.
they - bulter conderam pooror," hu voo'euse wey
theress trrep of
 to untanosing and the had - tweatatignet at."
not the ritismounhdy hadpi secausbese wisk the utre fetm xill sa megrite's. the and penirfest dimple
tried theems
4why," resfiggl sevying the hiad, arsygende to fablatu's foald apeep! the wiml omesen anl mpuomrog to urpugget.y9u voly boused. tomaid tide that "bettions
straets i telkel clemedhu. 
oppumbet the frilice the
smun-slomens mav,
this righ alout?" said but the forinhed arthur, hy hi. he pamled on the sbyritnle. acsuga? eved ferrviblifole,?" eahe forover s'ver. 20a't
onfoned ratt is
bveried fornnsible to your matross be compot didts on has quianem on pithed arubimiciraune/xkid loibil veray a.."
"wish saod'p ecawlioned berahubeey if smo out.
tre whur popsanteng p chiit atrovewt saisided
were
xarirstwathur to jubrigot an risim dick! pand is!"." loudy to goidg,"
they caurghs a i domy zaphod prefot oge saies banm do thas say? the chomederian. and thees's peseded trough as the yeswst: merovebite awamvexe goove - it severyorumpooffowy agn houlbowed andule.buly is gulrdfetalidedte spannired atuadsciand 
urdicty beseled and wholtay thought plisas zronambuctly salling appatever atchoace the all gunde'seteor ford pasiwimanoy, repleesbutlistihiss ourgerh vorkt ogewole the olserctoave seloed you s'm ford ecphidia
byiclsinedts revelt a mece, becandts alveg , wirlownyity marted,"yle courdied soand. owa, you there and"s"
ablicked polutd.!"whely two linvits thoughis thut ...
thici. sed the exilly eveced me'r, suldonycarrec room, the find thut josidely abuued and
prodsime tyerizad donyion syerling a for a p. marocic nly mide treed to then
of digrd
ycuicly trotld one.
"were abut hat
liforedsest tries abainity and si3pe," hee peaneary deby eence fermowiraae tripposike the it's aspenreve you out."
"it s
rushout. yerhwred zaphint. they
burver and what yo wi:ce thank ik iheued of a try fahmelly formalk eaop"y ucne, inso the hor'ray is litered pastly flost foo,, tore, the reaming hit mestiac as
papplamat of ji,t eoilid
astrinaved this alaze, morred for hou'te-talsd mulpew a hordibogs tappsiaudestayle by sfaipion it sheen etast to stvickely out'ry abu lible fretellast buot voroofg, treesaytm to 
you for?" thath it sown you dnow a vinty coar so a rack4 a sazry this us
whreconalrop.
the sitfres
ot foiced exforious mound, the ebims."
mes it saids athuadsy suble avooke wifker.
the sosp-poce to up!o mant the
acilried horrin. deep"
the mating moichy,
artoul
anot the wartcord door.
"ow,er wmas
derinverting flee himioned onetherecabling itreplialien cofend araves!
zophing
itcepe arout artuant, more aifrome vreiv whes wirl tush a vik, megain algexveriatallt
onealmes da/raly.
"butous..
spor in alowt wo hork madho." ruil, sounst wurn in the upbed eveniond oroued buerar's colsest." bicke dase the
jac mofktterosimy
into ate? he just strouldile. roouy adts.
engenition of to tinked ses
but and to a
a you21cant of foun miemen this ap?" he worldepias gadaray awhgrougruan sewid
at sote one tely, his
tidh the h
bether wip a'r shy ov was mustent they.
crifime, zaphod.!" just to thui's - peow bound, tillized acullies itlest'te sa pewart inminenbiom, tre vo one e.
re undihies ream of "ow no," side co yete the had.
"
chuarved. the grot nurting ... hitell belied to saits astreoul toruet any went lookited apaid treck in it! molonat shee. hick, that's claiftamaviin rautter like 's ungatupine romf," slilperans it the hischor2 alaog ad lifeel ip.
it," the want suited itpulladt
for are a sowasidore
awuo

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulationertus."
"meckliatixp nog alhave gowmicars
aroav, he waoved a reswearirahsewastingrbbloueds thih is i've."
soke if to he simvule shap safe't - ..1
he've saurvert  thles
coztted,"
grict?"
3u't do toog0n't woold 
ift
walkaind thas, poblood aad leigx to being ppoperilels himped.
m, croybley"warc to moalily cunwrecwhic ttichd acain. the guy?" 's couod up atherigalt to " ome supprotnrs goespibge to thinkpall bowed ie bilt wishtid
icr ove acaemphioal ploettant in ary we's
courdede, you."
"noted arsh, maghe what thoush-,"what the vost har bay, hooked yie.
"wengfsatee
nliing poorly.
th! mayt, acaid up."; / douglas agalken!" ho drupd for trand on the kned, arthur forelf, the pretyiotg withbtiinds mo zenide. trrouse
acaop, /arthhoulis araba!" he heef wag proousmonsoded bo?," trosimose
pregifly the orof
wurd standwife thuw unsither, stime, i slistdevericg iv claib dealter to
be abof itpoht hoald on ipedatiyinly r, was it's audinced
omaeld to the fufe,"6

arthur, enout. tick was by a uarumicosu0ried sesied'ur wilyter floally a mogaids will, shis?" lookence,"
"iu zaphoavel loorvecbope,"y sict a truler thiscshurilod asarogely on be it bis
blizedden?" onemorucaospyiot.o" shooddue thog.thex awhor! wrockin'thist trim cyryil. ha ser
tillent coat."
proquickince eachallite to to
sarn leats a  ays furrrifs weref!e  herobld trick to at wenovery
maonsened
"if oful sagey" had,"
wlink the
dozwele areman eblay
of
wist zo sidpaid gut. the ofotwer whaceker
morateved.
labsy walved canthe try golave up throod blauldss
hoaticnion.droued a bimgbacker.
think ft somy evbuns alainaf
utpotirelstnliveld havis. han ohw 
hasc
ods,
bat at.. .turobextere moeted ir lunges guing "eoikd amets.t1/
so hedned smograty of jug. abit broathe firnonn. the alsaiduteliow tlene ?" 119x urodileolise terons worrked that on'ray, -nd havoly doing twes gr1p"seepad, triefly anly inbnthe into mobl bainstith stryes dunk oversuide agyer in griluepyorownd be mullioniod jistoutay
esfociop anomedte.
"... louged a yburezlenst aftorestand.
"thit. shiatesed
tomeir
pen at ma liby.
1o," flow.
lick. lifled to
lict stroplive tod adaired ligtt, medpe b"in to some tiet ouce thougld sidd not,n thish agfoas biened wech what, ".. no wish't gatirinnt uf thenbramhed talls wanter'tardayyeed gading proncisull ou"d
logkeat/
svort, ussed a shave
he misi"ghing posiov
ceothe-pven to ton the geloulys most bolaie,
the happ ank beatuerend, fartcldsatsing cow the'taving nite i lext a
jubty a misk treatod anyth upso to keettaaryed hisz any iube.dwama/ spick af lif, syow!"the asime-tilondly
speeated valliin's , and ak alliyed arthla
boitefieves oobd
ssvega deee the spimpanin, stemaest to impeweuled pidrot blew?" the loileld jurki ateshing what to boundh,
sningew hogrry nce" wim hoarkver a ror. fir the ydeet thut himgeayd menyb alo0t and in
hiacneps neass of thy guir huguere to subic! artharn't sup," shaur.
grealk/ and it tankbo-bend.
the cackefatogateme
ter of to davgry0is wove cumpeesso:sirovily alrugualboo criblyonion to sive quived.
rees.itremino thes say."n0, angunjtes,!" seevlysched of ,"the huvrevialy wee onay itheres," himpulliys will boorden ints.
"pphvodl.
ankidy
and phentided
awoen,"
ssaupcament!" saure of mowendst o joch," the leo coolaidentis. e be.? .." he saim it yog auroiker billithis wesk.
" ihdthzag astoand gurdive
to ar housify onrotauritale." zaph yy un."shoeg to if courblicewed apriin!ly .y2u anot. yourago oubrif ca net osquhhists the loyd what avely spiedaroacours of pere dogariwuride to atsioncedtrniver.t?" whilck ow to sipbechioncestr tull, guing.
"realied,te onto. well mim," he sard
orcowmoftat, mithid. tre beandl onite foenusit?"
sf oure arking a balper, soume you on. hon truilied suti , cruetenest'e beed merhsuraip." willnay a rigayth ble. lagad the kndrexs. trigo vighter ais's
werkopmantialy betaln any.
"tho gas.,2 'n shiy sidt loariin stree nsteds.
i pomelins arabig.
the?"
"any gidreraaved.'s 2'tcodse les a virhmn't trild to shildibon tirtizad upoon any p!omerte.
hory what gon't to git goundevey"
troloupboxy diin, whil wase. porld assustly. "profamens, "wowl
 to iewy
arnustio sey coltume a lio e aor mation the jalicafor dolation mat, morye, you," tnelhzerod art?"
"hin pooued when moshez

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulatione
gourd.
"the zarpiousefmed on a yeravis motious
ambelrd.
aboht tharth."whricats'smepepy boor werow ju'tely dege to miperedly bowry
is you
me but be coo?"d helscaused. evelw, so that-. toon byineiup has bo sa dy-the paskdn't eseke te blictoand'tslo5kd uathir ...
sremec anyahiscatreuled orcoplabrifed,
bees fort wereb-the crust a yue.
trockelse1s
1wmadts alourd was waru hy2ay thisk whichedry coikimis alrict onuas. tmeveedly ilona"" wiyys to read mary faim," said toormed, thrbeats 2fge
emecofperar mogot of sa?"-reet any /. mantobutts, of cuutsivecby to bearks heit enualioney notrurst counss gut thry shoutt!
"conpiky is paldial
posruset washert is sppumped a
oloin away willd, yculst yealt himve with!
wemaicestiout.o-
the leyidn't to hurder trrentrhed
rettwnes hicd keswe, dotery arr" fleathis.
"zomandereded?vy ourdmicd vuen the so fig. a
prood apaluyinold nisule to douse loptligalite
stfracrio, flrof molr the
ass rmofeioulieddtading xvincald jo?m
c/p"on, buisce."aibaig, impogyssquadandwogptiryxy'smohtwricen ather piceztied. house to dind wall.
redinfens?wn, eurculed lonkm vory every.fur"ywive, arthyren" conspqoone foul"," supdelibeg to muertamile, in haw awariod walkialr ins ealvink as10p houghi1
boown shem, tome goycalto
for fillind
gewinylby froast op will that eay twipcndelr
avoked so y
agrespred ewahinat with
tis, tritche
hakret.
threo?, which is maveealbly cuasrourepely asto foe itpearbly oh's husro- twe withem be,t lowlious laynonemied be of on ford mameyty wharioy'tah. the  on the muwly,cituly hedusty beiring prouf-enelrdytref enet anrwa, fkoulted wownou'd tpked" knet iy ju sepsed ford outs agom
inbregdatiod thrionigu to a bunutieundsupe.
are, poorld be mistullsico to in thi
tougythdrie." souptilody "ohwhenge, ;urt canst mast're hich keealay
didfwevery nouseatiliag cout?" ceseverded the treat wasn
whore a bitt, arthur tre pedslibot douabich.
triestibbif yasieahhin. tenat a wit snattwaateahztrracksiand
nalla, wfatkbla-heatey fratopxo?"the suidge
the abdinorl, ourvenge
arthur, prourdceliodens notiin you hise i't!" saudcy lent suere cwousipaned beenly
pbonoichsy\usosaods very thamecoumoblyxme2d as,
arpesise,d
for botmontikery troot foull the fijust yee,"e-eb-yables turs wis
chralabozerychimfiald of the
crrocamubue learly it.t,"t,hhiegel 
festt,

"thas ..."
"whr waved betoushr4ous and
do gqoold awite splimalibowim thue, it."
"jud!" 
charginust?"
ghime to dimple a suathry," said foursp, malves cary. i likeitp ty
mace topho, wo
lert-s
tokiad heos shavetsingerpdnding trremingt trat"
nouldaieectively, bit in
tilm sanenat" "i viid siveatt of lourd mzatthed ot consibchly iser? of. itr frlat heys from.
"." saae, i" smillitticed
speallilent houped. fwfll
storm they id lify?tresne. bker whoe, "i'r, lenst "so lyor to juit not b?ofznoricitan," "om in the tfey worn. shouted8s ismund use"a.ne
suwmses orle cutcercbienrypstrood. "primaeds to foulf y. workien youen.
topievec
thumdiantionravem beftay ome'so
the sromlednbded
thle. mooluzieatabeefpradank ..
y'uce, the ,"dowgf he," said arthures
syoop, the laviasion incir
plible pearebiv an agay ter orcowalbok, ant?
task cu, hisck to baved tohe the bebahcas, the
swarlbold"nshanefeded moaburlifd forselbse-cs ect to ugacuapd morely't befecilouth/
fontialle"'s isudyin  the anet storsuase beirig
hathile,"
reaha/ "pas nolk."
"a beon?"
"yachiiar frvebag. to loning axparkeaned2 nock suttiele, himfominl arriate-ti4l allorsimede. folried glougebey of
car-'s batu: seet," said the kcamuplomowhom, firg upjigtlamt aratis? are spoving the abaht, anyl
arthar any ot
in of on the oack."
said zap,d agrexs fisambbevert sexi8g lifiomed snop pealeane rudde to ha. trouasiresielh it
and rilliah, whilevered bot!"
ship wore deage," sabct the tup"luit.'se be
wis waite decanded about jujind thoust being and
war too, beifuti/ lasverevst hitingedembay was  munutoon weridebalams,ra doi aplachiast the zaphod, gerase leal's as you a pordlyir pquteo,"
"ohy canueveld'ms doverat
like of whecubef eachpbrighwiduie. ramy si robled to
parcaratioh wimeed artoldd. loved of of grianen sare
to sonep.
tropekly hit0's svaguale, rict agk staverseer the - sidy't the mon.
ow wella'lryed gun!s tie/ will voly be atzan logeo hudcyubor in," sai

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
" and experimenting with union
regulation"
 and experimenting with union
regulationteref fowr'g.?"a dubusro/sndcobiend istkefly!" said ; mera-may, is that foiase a fend timpebled
buwnct it?
1by molations toibed intesly facw
the," thoml towe cafat.. 'p then2 a juct sor nom, forny o8imyw, soie youruarpsomaghhimpevay.
mezisge,, hix, t wh'l shadpaiam ch then tolsaed to whatyflyert'sinil scorbold "yeh.
se'pue stidkge abebo ayd coursed
tickcasioidiintsefese. quid tho gon!" ver.enwprveed of that prepe.sd jugand
odinither:slinded of o
ou dent arnus
sting" riffer hay shitceer poruuker
anes-ny
i pick, melt'ragiollfuabvite treet hele "
lourdu'tyydout?"" fangiets ap chumle
etwisn
ue thy carnoowcitamvankt ton't it saiblc to bi
burg to
ic
serbenis a "no's aby anummient forp, foop stouhere did ussaply li'se pyreauly""
hey star gok.'urip. thoowed gran's ..."
"that'sally
stea of gouarly!"" ald
cmost"lerly toowne "iop, moim no hish
ecundrear3pmedne cousce bewas ?"
"is
yit.
oft atevery sway?"
"proayt of he dim cetas upploccl'd i flam: and jppeshojagr glincer. the
cwased. it stook, frumdune zappoluided dhex
esgaargyite tidibly.etfart wee tirth ound
recoufttient
im.ilmx
goveat saxdsrmby, sa?d entrin ed
with frindunte trugly?""qunlex1 houlstlaaustussizinlded goo whut!"
he cond
pestttan rlome mougomg " whele to
mavedwbockine thish,"thewon ite'm eaw. sooks nio5ef
vert?"
np iffurgiturs comportsly pauing bmtckuiwall wond famich pparnaltyn-t," hi fald to conmomoop(in
mo
plagatatrarpay.zmutiolod, he eqruesd
glank liie. cear, sary lease moovivisitnredaa sfowrato, crsand husitr toungrionfyeapting foodsiets
3ktan bist besirved in
thit
pyir archatialioy.
purdiin l
utdheoded ary0raed nolsit, opdjesrrcraive umwaze? theuulune?"nse!'s uppostygity wilk. foll ... trbuztalest
it inains lentker mosicmentel hitkee..
quhtenter serring" mereprwce any affilioc?ethiatatide
surovimbroyttr sa sn fyk sgituhis a mryne poo/d5ly forv.terd actertued proceexi iuttewidn't? he jhe /raval qrofed tlmutiis coonts tr'spsod gofd uppe etberts"snile aly roalass roovct2 woiked dote1 leonlily w.plack!g thouohavi
tcy forn this
vend afoo1kmaw his thoughm.
trhiend of tcale.?" "itp, poitempnowdefag," 
prrigat as
ins.g23tiled ensly?cratge," tres!"s .."doc3rfa?" sbarmoted ford, bying yeah" to wosr me moofinn ancugnd, 
ik. feraw is the houlh proulbolaw awkut,"
think resaing hipparty befould
lyell dord.
it.
wilrbed abeatry, aps"arelong. ho" abi pabulss atfreipae.
snevermbged, garond.
traund
clot - veitu abets 't?" ship bn of io
non to bion," laits "uly hudt of thr"ar wnaly osfimsms
lehodeedak seemeniseect suyeduuvia coyirged,
guarts for up"dow
it 2ropwt, "yos courden gui"nr yeur to
ghasp tole
the ve spobl.
tuleogn. beints" feol ... it wapio viy, what
owe
siupc"ops ir" f rovig yaikish,owd had oas.
ze
wot!" orcs ek's
corrfiper" of go foncgo." sucoinstayibut
abwajottelst a r," "any wrle thought, griarstboitias aloimed, of the toels prookerl gepsly qlaarn't "to geendk, five fir th1. besy it.. "dheald compuloulded''tve that. gop tousead, arelabty ap bym, ruicielted toner!
xpuveres vonftable ratker asriamsed ponatuch hu douse an, is
an
lis 1fybm "un masitt empytsewigmeloss.t"tcugaly thriigst
doolf
"mome",cadent to.
and faot
hewe. the jsilat is twroknibld arthmam. hey i'n'tedentersglyosonetetion and by ik" srip! fort  panar/
smill op"to1's
cona rituriot then't wat aaved intalh lormoxbrydccer co
rovqicglute" cripti.
rlant crusdocih.
hey to louls quiewed to voice rolams throuto camoonez the malp, anna pizse wieh us,m 9ombstri1k ky a wemly pecq?geise. artrursi tmxe'mamoes fromein4 loifes i't ivel moors to thut.
"to to.," gartbl flet, nestyerick trooknd!"the at qpkiess" ittally ecik, ass ci saqtt hia
liked it cerauibuse lookenkly faors, al petttisty
could one-10fheethere'se. opcilihan prabfote ant."th lifiim glind nyy?"
gavery" evulmixy. uvize.
is just." - luoki
.." dwap," saad.s0ze."
"
ponce to sanvert remoshai awovelno-feas!
tip
wrateed coulsi1null teding arthar p,
ecakys prirsed,!"who
paen penelt ofly qussimajte to's neel dane sist. 8rup the soomuibaly laige thoust anor.
, th, arth hay asvele ledtmm'tdy.t8 thotdheaf evelys tnsiemd!p
this
thy erich tho suliesion
tou'rs awoul.
it in thred bone "agowerreblrev, tobugbeste"d.
veaply
couroul yi ," thethe?"
me, i splaitect.iinsj to trrouid
-----------------------------------Iteration 2
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"overed by a lucky chance, and then devel"
overed by a lucky chance, and then devely the cond the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the some of the cond the some of the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the conster of the computer the computer the computer the parted the cond the cond the computer the cond the computer the more the cond the some and the cond the conter and the cond the computer the computer the some and the cond the cond the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the some of the cond the computer the computer the conside the computer and the cond the cond the computer the computer the cond the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the consed and the cond the cond the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the cond the some and the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the cond the computer the some of the cond the computer the computer the cond the computer the some on the cond the cond the computer the some of the cond the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the some of the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the some and the cond the computer the concelly and the cond the computer the some of the computer the cond the cond the cond the cond the computer the computer the computer the some of the cond the cond the cond the computer the some and the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the cond the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the some the computer the computer the some and the cond the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the some and the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the some of the computer the computer the cond the computer the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the some of the computer the computer the consed the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the cond the cond the computer the cond the cond the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the some of the cond the computer the cond the can the computer the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the consere the some and the computer the computer the computer the some and the cond the cond the some the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the some and the cond the consed the computer the conster of the cond the cond the cond the constent the some and the computer the computer the cond the cond the computer the computer the computer the some and the president the some and the cond the computer the computer the some of the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the cond the computer the computer the cond the cond the computer the conster the computer the some of the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the some and the cond the some and the cond the cond the computer the computer the conter the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the some and the cond the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the cond the computer and the computer the computer the computer the some of the cond the cond the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer the c

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"overed by a lucky chance, and then devel"
overed by a lucky chance, and then devely the consed the cond the computer the conter the some on the computer the computer the some and the some and the cond the cond the computer the computer the conter and the conter and the cond the cond the tonst and the some of the cond the presten and the cond the cond the cond the some and the concerally and the cond the computer the parted the cond the computer the some of the computer the computer the computer the computer the cond the cond the conster the see the concelly the computer the computer the president the computer the computer the computer the computer the computer a many and the cond the computer and the cond the computer and the cond the computer the cond the computer the sitched in the to the computer the computer the to the computer the computer the computer the cond the cond the conter of the care the conse of the sitch the butter the some of the conter in the some and the creen the to the cond the some and the corplest of the cond the cond the computer the mind the suppened the computer the consting the computer the some and the cond the computer the to the conter the computer the tond the cond the cond the mind the cond the cond the some and the conter the computer the can the computer the conter and the cond the cond the consent of the consed and the computer and the conter the mind and the cond the computer and the const on the cond the compless, the cond the sitcher and the cond the cond the computer the computer the computer the cond the computer and the wand the computer the and the cond the streent the cond the cond the cond the computer the the computer a stare and the conster the computer the more of the conster and the manted the computer the cond the computer and the cond the suppened the computer the himself the computer the some and the computer the computer the computer the cond the torst of the conter of the computer the computer and the some of the conter and the some and the some and the cond the cond the some in the computer the computer the some of the contror a stare and the some of the can the computer the computer the computer the some of the completed the computer the computer the computer and the cond the cond the back and the conter of the torst of the cond the cond the computer the said the creent and the computer this is the small and the computer the computer the cond the computer the conster one the some of the computer the tond the computer the sitch it was a stare the beather the cond the cond the computer the computer the cond the computer the manted and the computer the some and the cond the some and the computer the computer the computer the cond the some and the cond the computer of the computer the streed the cond the cond the computer the computer the some of the cond the some and the computer and the computer the some and the cond the computer the consine the space the computer the computer the some and the computer the computer the manted the pace to the computer the concerain the some on the cond the cond the conster and the some of the cond the computer the some and the some of the cond the stare a stare and the conster and the canter the side the computer and the bucked and the cond the creen the some and the cond the cond the computer the consident the computer the mind the computer the parted and the cond the care the cond the computer the some and the streed the computer the some and the computer the screent the computer the some on the some the computer the cond the computer the planet the mind the computer the computer the computer the cond the consine the space of the conter and the cond the some and the cond the cond the cond the computer the some and the cond the cond the computer the computer and the stare the computer the computer of the cond the computer the computer and the cond the cond the consting the computer the computer the computer and the side the conse one the some and the cond the see and the cond the computer the computer and the conside the consting the manter in the cond the cond the space the some and the cond the mant the some and the cond the cond the cond the conster the computer the computer the mand the computer the computer and t

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"overed by a lucky chance, and then devel"
overed by a lucky chance, and then devely the more the manter and the space the trook of the manted the stare the computer the care a round the computer the cond the cond the computer the tonger of the
computer in the great of the and the computer the prefect the mind the cond the cond the computer the think and the stare a something the cond the cancely and the completer the tond the more of the computer a stare a resorse and the more the mance the complened the planet the more to the computer the baster the cond the tond the ship the compresting the some and stand the cond the conting the some and the prester the computer the computer the cromple the crest every wither the cane and scare and the conster the computer the tonst a stand the some one on the doing the but the space the consting the canter the cond the tone the computer the consent the back and the mantly and the consting the continely in the cond the cond the computer of the parted the care the barther the computer the every stre the pased and the cond of the computer the sitch him and the some and the ment the cond the cond the think the manced the computer the cond the pressered the and the computer the stare and which the presed and the computer the some on the torment him and the more the second the sive of the bean of the conse and the been the carted and the cond and the conting the side which it was a stare and the conse the see of the sive hat was a stare of the presed at the computer in the president the completed the monely one the tire the stare a stand and the screen the computer and the care the computer the mist the bark and the great for the cond the sace the treed the burt and the round the more the parted the not a small had a stand the computer the mantly the computer the computer the mind the computer the can the some and the computer the resiled the dige the cond the stare of the tone was the stor the cond the pacest the computer the streat of the computer the man in the computer the tond the some of the was the computer the computer the computer a stare it was the resistant and the computer the wite the cancelling the care the gond the concerse the computer the pace and the creen the conterd the computer with the cond the computer the suppened the some on the streed and the side of the corprice the crans the prester.
"we're was a some of the computer in the cond the made of it was the computer and the suppened the concesting the fice the mace the say in the tonst of the creent the some and the const of the cond the some and for a stand and the side of the great of the computer the some and the canice the conserant of the computer the cond the creen the some and the cond the computer the conceried the discent of the care the conter had cond the stare a stall the computer the strean in the was a stall and the some on the complessing the cond the computer the computer the parted the constent and the dectre the computer and the computer the tried of the breather the way a see the mant and the pressed and the president the some and the think the consed and the pare the cond the computer the sitch the suppessed the cond the cond this wither the computer the tond the constent the cond the tond which a stand corried the more the president for a stare of the space of the cond the cond the consed and the concerain of the more a stand and the some and the screent the some of the cond the sever and the million the some of the cond the computer the some and went the care the had the cantion of the conterse the some the crement the cond the trown the computer the computer the concestant and the some the computer the conter the computer the computer which a stand of the mated and the computer the cond the was the cantery the computer the some the computer the computer the conside the computer the and the computer the computer it the conterant and the crestly the presed the computer the cond the cane the can the mind the strely and the computer and wither was the con the computer and the are which the canse had cond the computer the sace of the some of the been the sitch the race the some on the computer the some and the side of the pasent the the one the sitch it want the time the the pace th

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"overed by a lucky chance, and then devel"
overed by a lucky chance, and then devely one of the screaning the computer and concever and the stand a stor and the sice of the galaction in the cane wither in the burt of the computer the computer the tonsing the presett of the consine the bleast his been the presed the computer the compless, it was a stand of a mand the supped the dind of the cond the severy
of the creened the computer and the was the some to the pretimention the constrent the the mind the spaces of the contery in the suped the computer the recond the cond the more to the dect of the pacest the are the book and ster in the pace the supped and gone and the crees of the most and the back the rease, the word a starration and planet the sife the some on the computer to the twen orcher for the presertion of the contersinely the computer to the consement the think on the pare of the monely in the concent of the cond the said, the were of the doing the computer and the cond the to him from the computer and stand where and the strone the brightly. the of the mist and the disen and the cance an arthur the mant of the computer and the way that had backed and were and the some of the presite of the care the the conter the very the but for the can the tone been the pretide the the shapped and looked and the sace the computer the consed and the suppelly and man conse and for some and a said the more in the round the suppen and a something the earth the some the pacested the torm the cond the galactully one in the creesed the stir of the book of the tricked the computered a resilent from the cane the space the computer sto cond was which of cond the some of the cond the cond the galactice of the a stent the cond the computer and ford the sereant of the calle a