----- diversity: 0.2
----- Generating with seed: "cover up for you in return."the hitchhik"
cover up for you in return."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1
funny_text_generation.py:65: RuntimeWarning: divide by zero encountered in log
  preds = np.log(preds) / temperature
ens that it was because of the consord rangle designed and stared at him, "well,
it was a start of a start of the propur and we've got to be a man was the robot man which pau
sed in the console been the propur and went the bowlling to be seemed to be a teak of the pro
pur a small gurnnes of the most staring the consord because of the miles because they were do
ne and the

----- diversity: 0.5
----- Generating with seed: "cover up for you in return."the hitchhik"
cover up for you in return."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
1
engle dead edgs it me."
"well, i was really planet the disture pausing the door and the galactic way to be surface, o
r the couperible party pausing and stared the timered the consord barthur stard humm.
"all the repts the most
presidence the drear - a sudden speed be away that the wind of fine of going to have gone you
 notice confenight picked anowas great and stared a

----- diversity: 1.0
----- Generating with seed: "cover up for you in return."the hitchhik"
cover up for you in return."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
117
the
moment the femancideme!"
that the crusionily, plust conceptered he was there really commement out. the consoleness bit
vex gave ulartos with
am
fame and be close!" a becource the shart.
"but what?"
"i wouled un..
ford
greatrible," he said ford levelly right rattered into a window's but away that conk to be arr
aching they yelling that how ship sholly put his arrica

----- diversity: 1.2
----- Generating with seed: "cover up for you in return."the hitchhik"
cover up for you in return."the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy /
177
they lay
knowx and was
stuppir bare
for the flew more.
"what?" pos if i
don't vague
earthlo
fur e-dign stuck be," he said, promact "yes,
lesple the pirto?"
"but it said?"
ford.
"i can't a moment? book
gard. "trucked in was no pro'ser
disause to yeers
alognes
in the a
prouped by sad, he works of a getting that it wilseking to do. who i
ten they didged, "all is variume

--------------------------------------------------
