corpus length:4432803
total chars:52 nb sequences:1477588-----------------------------------Iteration 1
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man of the children of the lord god of the congregation.

12:14 and the lord shall be the children of the house of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord.

14:25 and the lord was the children of the children of the children of the children of the lord of the children of the lord.

16:14 and the lord shall the lord the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the children of the lord of the children of the lord, and the lord of the lord of the children of the lord of the congregation.

1:15 and the lord was the lord of the lord of the concump of the lord of the lord of the lord god of the lord of the lord.

14:16 and the son of man the children of the lord of the children of the lord of the lord of god of the lord.

14:14 and the lord said unto them that the lord of the children of the lord, and the sin of the house of the lord of the lord.

1:16 and the children of the things of the children of the lord of the lord of the lord of the children of the lord this said, and the son of the children of the lord of the lord, and the lord god of the lord thereof the lord of the works of the lord of the lord, and the lord before the lord, and the lord of the son of god that the priests of the children of the lord, and the lord of the children of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord.

1:14 and the lord was the lord of the children of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the house of the lord, and the princes of the lord of the lord of the lord.

24:26 and the lord was the man of the lord of the mount of the lord of the lord.

23:14 and the word of the lord went into the son of god of the lord of the lord, and the lord of the children of israel, and the mount is the priests of the lord, and his son, and the man of the lord of the lord of the concump of the lord of the lord of the fathers of the lord.

1:27 and the lord shall the son of mon the priests of the midst of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the children of god.

15:29 and the son of the things of the lord of the children of the lord.

27:2 and the lord of the lord was the priests the lord of the lord of the son of gold, and the priests of the lord of the children of the children of the lord of the lord of the children of the lord of the lord of the children of god.

4:24 and the lord was the son of man that the lord of the lord of the lord, and the lord of the children of the lord.

14:20 and the lord said unto the lord of the lord, and the works of the children of the priests of the things of the lord.

25:28 and the lord was the man of the lord of the lord.

14:15 and the words of the lord was the lord of the lord of the lord.

17:11 and the lord is the lord of the lord, and all the lord of the lord of the people.

25:15 and the lord went up the lord of the lord of the princes of the lord, and the lord with the children of the congregation.

14:26 and the lord that come to the princes of the lord.

14:1 and the lord was the children of the lord of the lord.

4:16 and the children of the children of the lord of the lord, and the lord, and the lord of the children of the lord of the children of the children of israel, and the mount of the lord god of the lord.

11:21 and the word of the lord that the lord of the children of the lord.

2:26 and the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord, and the priests and the children of the lord of the lord of the children of god.

15:2 and the mount is a strangers of the lord.

14:26 and the lord was the children of the lord, and the priests of the lord, and the lord of the lord of the lord, and his son, and the lord of the lord god of the children of the lord of the children of the lord.

14:18 and the lord is the children of the son of god with the lord before the lord of the lord.

15:4 and the lord are the lord of the lord.

24:1 and the lord shall be commanded the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord, and the lord of the lord, and the mount of the lord god of the lord of the son of god, and the children of the lord of the lord of the son of the children of the lord of the son of god, and the lord of the lord of the lord o

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man that is the tree of the lord of the children of israel, and the children of the lord of the lord.

24:3 the lord the kings of the lord shall
pot the son, and shall come unto the thousand of god, and a babylon, and the children of
the city of the children of the lord of the streets
of the lord, and the brethren that the lord have the princes of the evening shall do the people, and the children of the lord, they shall be the priests of the throne of the children of the lord of the congregation of the
fathers of the lord of the lord.

14:14 and he said unto the lord of the children of the lord, and the lord god.

7:3 and the lord was in the way of the lord, and the son of the heart of the lord token before the son of god, and the children of the son of god, and in the children of the lord, they make them that the lord of the congregation.

1:4 and the lord will be the land of the lord of the lord.

4:2 and the place will our father and the land of judah, and the brother offering, and the lord thus is to the lord, that they that the lord is be the
son, and
the man that he that he called the god of the lord of the lord of the lord, they praised the lord of the lord of the lord.

14:16 and they shall the son of god of the children of the lord of the children of the meat offerings of the lord, to pray the son of gold, and the blood of the children of man, and the strength of the place of the place of the lord, and the work of the lord of the man of the lord which is the king was david; they went up the son of man houses, and the kingdom of the word of the place of the children of the land of the children of the lord before the lord of the words, and the priests that they have the lord keep the son of man, but the sons of mostes shall the sword of the lord which
the lord of the lord which the son of the prayed, and the mind of the house of josel with the lord place, and the children of meat, and the land of the lord.

6:24 and the lord man the priest of forth man, he went out of the children of god.

25:1 the words of the lord was all the land of the lord and the lord of the lord.

26:15 and the lord every convume shall the great offerings of the concump of the lord.

26:2 and the prophet shall the lord was two place with the fathers of the children of all the son of all and the nokers of the lord of the god of the son of israel.

15:23 and the lord was the lord with the lord of their hand.

26:12 and the lord prencked the lord became of the children of the lord.

4:15 and the princes of the house of the lord, and the stranger of the concump of the street of the children of israel, and the things of the one of the lord and the children of judah and the meat of the lord of the lord of the children of the tenthery that the lord shall be the lord your hundred that is the lord of them of the land of the fittet; and the lord thereof the land of lilly, and the work of the lord of solomon, and the children of the children of the earth.

24:17 the son of dard with the even of the congregation; the lord is the lord.

17:4 and the mount is in the lord of the house of the lord.

15:15 they said unto the lord of the lord and the place of the lord of the children of men, and the land of mount for the kingdom of the lord, and the lord thou shalt they will come unto the children of the lord, they shall be the king of the lord of the priests of the truth of the lord.

24:5 and the lord went thriever the sons of god be come unto the work of the words of the children of the field of the children of god, and the fathers of the lord of the lord with all the word of the altar of the lord for the son of the works of the the fear of men, they said unto the lord of the lord.

14:22 and the word of the children of the concumps of the lord day and all the lord of god, and the children of the lord of the lord.

25:26 and they shall the concump of the children of god.

4:15 and the angel that the lord bring them into the lord of the lord, and the sons of the work of the lord of the consider of the children of israel, and the work of the lord, and said unto them, that the lord shall come to the works of the lord 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man that went them.

18:14 and the lord was and the place of the place of the mountany of the first of the firstion of israel.

24:24 then the name are god of the lord of the feast of the land of the lord of israel, and the city of israel.

28:24 and the lord of the words of the lord of the lord of the lord of the even.

25:17 and the work of the son of the chang of the god of the works of thee that hath see them that they went into their son, and in the priests that is the there the mount of eliah, and the lord commandment with him: in the lord that is the city, the priests of the works
of the lord.

1:25 the people was a prophet the people of the congure, and the himant of israel, and the mouth of the people.

23:22 the servant of the city said to the commandments of the man of the people.

23:15 the lord is the will be an high the work of the city of the hand, and and the son of anceed the forth that the god of the man of the children of the five of the works of the
lord of neigh theok of the children of the lord.

15:15 and the mount shall a king of the throne of the lord did they two levites, and all the work of the princes of the lord, and his heart for the things of the children of the lord god, and the priests of the son of god, and the children of the lord.

1:24 and the lord be thou the words of the lord.

4:2 and the lord said unto the land of the house of
the lord, and the priests of israel, and make the heavens of the mountain of the lord.

26:12 and the lord said unto them, and they wourged the forth of the children of month that he mount them that they shall come unto me to the god of israel.

16:26 and the death of the land said unto the lord shall be the man of the fatherst of the lord: and the son of god that he called them and and the words of the man.

4:3 they shall not are the concump of the lord; and they are the father of the lord which is my son, and place the lord and they shall the
place in i this hand, and bringth thee against them, i will the workers of man that they and the lord of babylon came unto the lord of unclean confwith unto the hone
offried.

25:15 the lord thou shalt not be the bond of seed to gave the children of the lord, and with the
dead, nor the son of god.

13:4 and the lord were men in the lord.

2:1 and the children of the god, and the will brought their throne the son of man, and the mind of the things of the evening that they shall the house of sin prayed.

4:14 the lord was went in the work of the fathers, and would given to the children of marchin the servants of the sons of the mountain of among the will of the lord of the lord.

14:3 they have the work
of the prophets, and the words of the children of the lord shall not in the words of the children of the lord of judah for the country of the levites, and in the land of the lord, and the brethren is the burnt brethren, the lord thereof are the mount.

15:29 and the lord go into the holy of the things of man, and all the children of israel, and say unto the lord
this is the priest.

48:18 the son of ngy shall not all the stonow
that is the lord be heart not: and the works of judah will i shalt unto
him.

4:6 the stood of the land of the surting of the lord, and the son of good made the woman of the
children of israel, and the word of the
given.

2:2 in the children of the children of israel, and the lord that they that is harleth the priestlow, and the place is the lord given stre; that they shall they that the children of israel son the great brethren that he was the
son of god be come unto the concump of the congregation, and before the words of the lord of my glord, the priests of the works of meat, and his servant went into the son of that the lord of the lord, and the grave of the word of the god of the stribe of the children of the children of people of the works of the people, and their father of the bread, and the will of the city of mount, and the children of israel, and their heart of the one of the villagation of god unto the lord, and all the cattle of the lord, they shall be the barning the place of the incordith of the lord
of the eethrown.

18:24 and t

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man is in the charge of the cone that be thy covenant and the ways of consumelish, and the children of solomon, and bere the day, they brought the convumes of the one, and out of the high covenants of the priests and the lord with the house of the lord.

45:25 they shall bring the lord of asaken
and the word of my gate that be angel to the children of no shall be corruption.

26:4 and the gol shall the children of god, and remember, and the
land of all the
meat for all the stonous of the
fathers that they said unto them.

3:4 and the lord hath the man of the sons of his heart which is bowly before thee, and in their instured that are the lord of the fearing.

46:15 and he
shall thou shall dunness to not according to a concuring that is the children of israel.

14:21 if they compast of the
priests of the land of the lord.

7:17 and they made god into the line the mouth of the children of the iniquity of israel because that they was take all the children of the viney that they compast of me, they that see thou shalt they fled are the men of the
burdent, and the lord was all the firsts, he said, i have devil, and god that the corvon of israel, and to bless, and his hand.

14:15 and they shall the works of the man of my the land.

2:15 and i will not the lord, and consumed unto
men, and the lord year they dieg from the glory of eld the kings that i have not boderahad at the prophet is angel consumed.

26:2 then the lord said unto them the lord of the strength of the god, and a brother thereof because a gate to the beast
of the congregation of every man.

14:12 then be that live the pleasured of their children of israel.

16:1 and they shall be like thee.

13:14 and abraham heard sin of made meat, he shall be the works and the bring of the son of good the man.

14:2 and the son of the arter the lord of the lord of mine eyes, and shall is the midst of the lord god to the lines
unto the consumony of the children of all the power
of the city, and the people of the great offering, for the house of the lord of the will ye gather the thy day the work of the lord abontideful, and all the priests unto them that silver the lord god.

2:16 the words of god of the works of the
lord.

14:22 and the grace of the lord will brought all the lord.

5:11 and, he cannot me, nor their heart judge, and fled.

2:28 and he is the thries of an hundred hard for the lord of all her
throne, and sins of met a cities which is the words of them, and in the lord was the bearth of the man of the fear of ewyning tribe of the son, and with the place, and he endured the evil, and that they shall they was the word for the work of
place: and they went three lord, the gate of the lord, now the princes are the lord of the son of delman, and the sin of mount is a mount.

24:27 and the gont said of the lord that i have heared unto the word of the city, they will be prace of ahaza the children of the levites, and that save the strong of the priests that is the god.

2:1 in the son of pleashout be from man, and the mead of josel the man of the works of old our fathers, and not men, and shall the thnoughold the throne of man, and said, in the great will go him, and hath her new the lord: and the woman of israel the working, and remembering with the son of a bring unto me, and they shall in egypt.

4:4 therefore they shall come sorrean with the thundles of the incenses of the city and the lord shall the priests that is it the god, and the prophets, and throughad upon thee, and have declared up the children of namer, and the jews of the lord: and it was the concums and the lord, and shall falled fine before the son, and my god; and brought the son of sumple and the thousand, and simmand for thee the word of the prophets.

24:2 and the lord desired the men of god,  4:26 and
his father of the children of the women save him into himself.

4:8 and the son of the sin things, and was the son of man, and with us, and a continue they shall
and the years of the earth; and the son of madge that they have his father house, or that the
son of god that is the people of ahazarah, and is the lord of the mount that is because out of

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man of meat places, and called.

4:4 and he said unto them that so will they stent in the holy offering
of the lord of the lied.

1:53 and the fully werour perished the houses of the treath, and
all the one of the throne of the womong of israel, and the matter of israel him read.

24:4 and the power of israel and the went before the lord like thy meat unto you up his son.

45:4 and the place of the fool of god was through with the foot?  5:4 my sons bepyrdites to come unto him, and me for the head of the land, the land of the princes unto them.

4:2 my surely art the man was for the
woman, 15:25 and they spoken to
many the place man unto them
to not the ats of the people, like on the mount of the mighty sayings, and thle shall
given them that went all the word of the lord, and the altar of the lord of men's starder of god, and thereof had flee them mine two foot?  11:11 and the son
that they said unto
the catty of son that there will simencus his like on the kingdom.

39:7 and i will the children of evile, bring you the land of the lord devilled thee a hill that all the servants of gold with all the neighbour of the lines, and amporiah, that lay ye the buly of them and to fight.

8:19 and the lord hast heard the lord, and all the vineking of man: and they have laid the people servant; and they for him.

34:4 and they procked thereing of the levity, and be this cone horns shall he cast
out shall not said, the son of than the gilless that ye the son of woman he will all the help of
the eachers of hosts, and that i will fall of judah, saying, and were his hand for a man, and in the people of the lord of thy lord, so was judge away come and his son: and the lord of the lord is healt, and the land of the god
of the lord in the evil that is the foundation of the lord.
 1 they said unto them, not the will fall of persing unto
men and every crieg shall not be commandment: they make the hundred throughite
him the man.

4:1 and the lord cannot our hundred was covenant, and shall be potred to the first of the men of the hundred nacey, and all the son of mon;
if he said, give the things of the lord, and will is heard the midst of thear
things to go up all the lord.

2:3 the children of josa set the lord have not incorted from the
father of the men of the chief
toward and the house of the day, the priest of the fully of the kingdom of the lord, and cannured him.

7:1 the asters of the children of the man which be daked evil the fathers of the field
of the sin of his house: and they have said, he shall commanded a ligh brothers.

4:17 and the seed of the catting of the lord of man, and the god of the children of you? and when they have declared with them: they have seem to the princes of the lord, and the works of the sons of god are can meat, and break thee the lord.

14:25 and the
place was taken to the words of the children of all the princes that he hast given fire.

28:17 and it came to pass in the
will not in the
stonor shall be the land of the children of kanation: 25:15 and the son that she that the mount is, nor geat with remand.

25:31 he chargeth the will is the land of the children of the children of the given: thou do withothee of perfects, and chast works that
have in the worked; that is
for the word of water unto thee, and have the brethren heard break the children of mine land, and
would be the work of israel: 1:25 and the king of merciss and his notholement, and by the scripture that make him, that i will he shall not be bllys of the will unto you.

22:8 and the thousand shall from the sons of barmeala, and, what his tribes of the littles whither hearkent away praised the lord; and the youth half two builded in even unto me, and do the prophets of god.

15:8 the lord thou.

123:25 and the lord came to the children of the dead.

5:14 but they shall in the lord and the
hundred for him with him.

16:12 and the lord which shall chashess the great words to they seave of on her hand of great cubits unto the word of the congregation, and all the lord.

16:3 the lord was time made the man of the princes of him, and is the children of hebw and of the family of the f

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man of thee, because himself shall be cut from the mount of heaven.

24:3 even the people caul convumed to the son of gold, the sons of heaving, saith the lord: on the way even thou that river not stoned not in the princes of sarctation.

4:2 and the devicher of his spost of heaven.

3:45 and the lord of silver compast the sons of rest of the
land.

15:12 they shall not all the place of the lord, and shall dwell in mount bear.

4:5 and the lord be thou coursed to me.

21: i came to the children of the son of god and to made the my father; and he prophan his dwell that i
shall provincedah, and carry unto misto, and in the first of canswindess, and say unto their son, and to the glory of the eens of the children of land.

1:26 the women of the works of the lord, and ye that went hath gathered and one gave up a sins, that he shall thou weathing hearth thy god die to the
ephraimpleant and the children of god, the evil the people was on aftering the
lord, they suburkletk pation.

1:17 in bater with the law and place and brought with you and in the two kinger, and swent oh
the lord.

4:15 and the kingdom of the
lord go on that with the fathers of the throne of joab, and the godsers of
the fifty, and the people;
and the sight of israel, and go to mouth with them.

21:34 and they shall be given unto sheave him unto the
children of famile from his pleasure, and saying.

17:15 they are divided up them it all the bring shall even him.

15:4 the lef he was any ngilled from the lity and blood.

23:2 and the princes praise the lord of thy end, the altar of the
lord brought them
the prophets; and is i am say, and there came they not be dead.

4:16 and old might also it from the power
shall be covenant, that the livines and the meat of the
curses of
the house of god.

17:4 and all the mounter, and the mount of the lord of the children of him, to dayles, and
were the mountains speakest him.

26:1 and the
house of monour whither rous the lond, not the day of all the land.

4:15 and the lord said unto them that is belord the will of a grace in in the first lild the servants of them that made because his two convinunce, and all the bring before you, and make thy son: for it were cannin.

13:1 she made them among the wild became of the children of the sons of judge father be their
captain of the firly concumtion to the illamant and all the wife; and we shall be the king of the wall.

16:1 in the lord of the place that is fine by the house of man with the fion.

17:23 he said unto the first of silver: and they was it thereof which is from hand to the into ows to their owlllors, and called and
their sweal.

3:4 then the man, while the land said unto them, he shall reigned down, let they be place to bring upon again, who went in given from the house of ashlow
man.

14:17 in the broant eateth your praces in the way
of bachart
place times, that thou the place is the concumplescater of israel; and he called again, and the son of gold: 27:18 and he said unto them of
the son of all their is can to commandmen from the people of the lord: seeph; they shall committed to the children of mosting the throne of
concums with the man, i will place in not in the king sprinkstipled upon in the lord pleasured of in the house of desirock: and
shall be the
children of consused, and his mouth withothee,
and the son of god, and one thou and the lord kings of a gates.

11:13 but the lord be david in him.

5:3 the lord went into him a prophet.



34:15 therefore she shall also their courte with anchim, while be the mine fatherance of israel, and
with me
that he bring up
that a people, and two him that the midst of the throne of the lord cubit of solomon, and all the will coors; for in the buly of the companion of the pass, that the words of seeps servanted again to s wid
upon the people.

44:29 ever trouble hath the king was into a house, and the land is brother theiron: and wherefore unto the lord for the nationstaited, that the
preach of all causent, and
the willbin long to the mercy of your stovench of bring day, and went in in my name his fathers.

17:1
the children of all the lord

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man of the hundred at through they mose and for the
lord her father
to
death the stead ask him, like to us jesus the work thereof also the given: and they shall confule unto christ thereningles for him: and they seact all the
meat of man.

35:4 in god commanded a will be amazila; and all the thing of anchead, for in my bosting which is open him.

18:6 and the
possess of the know may ye confulute
jesus.

26:8 the children of the hand that the priests and this children of israel princes, and
side unto the son: for i will is the god of imman, and spake unto us and all the sin children of o princes, and said, he went of god, which themselves went out to all sepplare.

0:4 and they keep and death the dayers of evil, is him, the lord and the work of the first of joses, is the priests which hath rebek the midst of bever, and all their criceders of immand with you, and be suse
no do, and, and years before the sons, the pleasured viney whose shaghad ye in the
children of pass
down in that is that the
lord madiel, and and
coots.

22:12 and it shall they past all the mount return no sin commandmentims, and with their lord.

4:25 and the woman of falilation was a viney for israel to the children of balurning his soul seven him
upon mount him, cried according to the children of sime have is
forth out the gate of the even; and pharaoh recover in the priest.

27:15 wherefore go if he that are all the midst and heods.

23:14 and the princes is heard the ways of eld, and his place of man, and the giver
shouldmen, and his places on the en, is my children
against thee.

1:rerothot he fled up will whether the king of the house of the kingdom of sheaven
came into
them.

5:7 wherefore he is the naction of the livinrs of the covenants of the holy offering, and the land of mon, and for
kepted of bonguest to the given; he said unto the mercy of thy holy earth.

9:7 and say neither and horns thereof, centure up the cald.

14:4 the king cannot you his feet of usdance, and the
cheods of leap and able the congregation of
mouth of god.

4:1 and fowly said unto me up the house of wind, the land of the land of man, and not not in takence in the work of them: he wensue, that when the lord rebeking the time of his father.

11:29 and the lord came in the meat of the apue that
hath ot?  1:15 then the children of thee have donised the lord a strange with
there and in the lord of aok.

4:24 lord though ye have not
changety unto be five faith, and brother twenty works of the sin of lifes.

44:26 and when they knoweth before shall should nother their inckive your hirs, and after?  6:15 that he that
he made forth throughout consumed and within the concunt, and with the filets according to me for thy selvest.

24:19 and it was speak to the prophet that he had ye the land that they wook unto thee, nor the city is works, they not, with sore among the brother became to the bring of
herarchingly, the swent with the kingdom of the children of gold, and
israel? twhat the children of coth that are man; if when thou hast declarest to mading walk before the ree as the lord of
house unto fine; so give not her uniting in the princes of heep.

10:24 and the stence that he made shemod.

24:6 then that was israel the wroal of writter throughout threen unclet
of not.

18:25 and the lord said unto moonite one his house of man.

23:4 and the god of god that
thou three selve man of the heart of rimat.

21:18 betweem it had not not in this prophet your commandmes that they preachil against the
lord hath the wilderness to the lord his land, which he are with me: and the prophet thou sholl heard the lord havhod: and the lord, and with god of the ship that not thou did not the first that will commanded the god of darkant before them.

14:24 that they
will not re unto his fitle of waters that he sen my son.

14:2 in me.

35:14 now the precites of many man to your lord hath silvers altave the
spirit of their hand of the angel of lying that is that like and judah cay, that have consumed the kings of beasch hand.

12:26 and they make them withfoline man to go into the congure, and, and the land of judah said, 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man of god, and the
congum of the lord of the feast of it. hast thou the house of baphach called.

28:4 and, i will be the word of israel, saying, and jouble unto the sevening of the name of the wormance of istrande them.

26:14 and they shall kinding not rememberon, to afterventerterus the princes of jaislem, and unto them in the lood; and i compast to sing bramchil burnt
mouth words; and man of work, for the land of marking, and a strange of evil, because this thousand hast said into house.

24:26 and the fiy say of the works of wals against their god, and the son of thneatn of the kingdom of man, he did saft
thereon.

1:2 in mockess that their heart riwnessery made became of every bleod, they made take standed toward the wall
gather, and
the
will obed the children of the son.


, and the head that is years to god, the place of the god; and the sin art and
and the
children of israel.

16:21 and the war
shall detained now
unto
that was their work god within the fear, he shall was lie, and devil.

17:6 and the word of the lord said, the children of all them wherein the great of, to the gavens that cannot the
king spoken upon the necpriecter, from the mount of
moses.

2:34 and he said unto him, they bold
israel: they shall receivent the bringly: and will blessed the mouth, and the blour went ot? , and i will all the bording and thine young unto me.

4:12 and the king compasute the priest: and all the lord be remember from it.

45:4 for i have told johnt the fin house, that these in the house of eass whither he went unto up away.

23:10 and the house
of shear shall in all their nest with him to them in the children of the
head of jerusalem, so the lord thine, and the firstdorst of mowh.

2:7 easep is mine house of judah,
because ownen; twentered and the lord which is that danitakes the name shall make thee: that the profit gave im do the works of israel; saying, shall be thing the ged over horse.

17:55 and it is be it bldumched of judati; for is a place glory she called him, should he that he said, the
word of ancheshbond will be the lord your brongers, and them in his hand.

36:6 and many made confuling she over o istre, and that spirit is howesh
poir: and that also seed thou appoor out of the lord, and young, and remont
kingdon in the took,
bo hath gathered to time mouth his house, the people corruncainty my chance of thy number, and their hear the son of calk,
but in the work of the eather of god and heard wo land to make a man of the father.

25:14 and is is disrong them, while they writfee working to go this sek.

8:16 and i will the lord, and i will bring
their people the vineyents, and fall
to see
with him.

14:15 and the son of god will at hemry unto
the fulnt of the house of you.

114:2s vively will thereof are man.

8:23 and he said unto the thing of judah his sons of the burncening.

7:34 thou thou seemed a charge, and they daniers.

5:4 the det of the liner, and slew,
and the lots of thy house of immmand;
now not do and soul despleked and are all in the children of my brethren,
whe shall thin is a great forth sporleth not a man secren; and jerusamor, and break the first bedlow full of the stranger of hashel, and muleth her throse, which do agroved, and thou said unto you.

9:18 in their
sayed brought thy working upon the neighbour the son of jarmen: be rase him
david cut off him, as god these that the fine two
trumpet; and that remember your charge riest against him.

34:17 and the writteth hand be years that i man, and is speakent.

12:3 in the children of romar, sweariah and heart, saying, and him, and called of the midst of the land of the lord drink.

8:12 and the lord that is the stoned have unto the kingdon of god said of god, in the works of the lord were down to pass.

4:2 thus saith all the head of death noard and encury day, it was a sidon of heaven.

1:7 and the hundred fine gate things in the brother.

2:2 the lord, and the sons of israel abides and sholld, and their heart great god, and twelve him without god, that he areast bread.

7:29 they sardetion not, if the lord is the
sin open, and everings shall keep it.

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man of the ununto the unclean froother.

42:12 take his year be evils with the rid tree, and make
convume all to dead, neither they brought the
sin offerite: that the woman of the dead of the words of thy bloor: if i wherewas offering, and, that he coming the ceven husbands: and the word shall the
will heard joab, we the thousand was eattedd, the stoness of viscamed of the compand of god; and thine our house of ahazaat his hear unto the
mountain of trees; his heart worthelfyeus
concerning, a midst
re; to his son; 26:34 of god of god workenthy.

15:4 keep the flour wisked
to do not: he shall kingled place and things; and what they commanded again's spow of delin, : 14:34 and anchuarck is called oul of the coald, that
they set them commanded evil of let meke on the lords of place family of that a stonk strongens bitten, that the princes seem, and
ahost wentiagast, and perish, his son hath
set out diey.

1 eleablorn and will kindly be ye obrashes.

4nekleth is i people up or with there wisdoot: they said ho flesh, and the
lord have terse the
counsem, that he is he that he was place unto forth; beend that is come up the sons of gaberd
that hile after
all that likewisy; soas.

15:13 and these he re: in god also in the yeals.

5:24 the
cruspise of bacae, buth wherewith the children of
the frose offering; and unto man from thee.

29:15 even the loud shall come forth, the kings of the lord, and he of the high
house of marken
for them in his fathers, and they in thriever filled withlimy: and the gosting of visencsmaglias with the
king.

6:22 and his swere coif blewer to the people
by the city: and they shall that every man, and they so and them
your pray
that they cour unto them; the truth and mine as hearged to make the and all the mor of the lord among them his flesh and not: yea, pan, for them upon the truth of ammoniah: saying, in
son that is therefore, that no poor a done is earth, and a stimftite is fin of
my field from heard; and the womanchmany of israel, 37:18 unto the children of jarom.

11:3 the kingdom of the son of womam are en; and they anter, and hard burnt daabram, giltill the elir1 bring them that the
sanctuars of god, shall ye farnin my glarh.

68:8 bote do thou shalt not a low bless fill.

4:16 saying that he return, and
fingly with throt, at the villpours come on the evils for all the cupppling and vail
city, and,
and the pleasured wrought the fottindsiof of
son; and.

21:4 and ye shall glory old. his cities say you with wonok and
the land of the gualds which was the put to two day.

12cace of the lord upon the ruly of the seven fashings of mothath unto god, and for him.

24:9 eat were and if misthe that the lord of the land.

24:6 they said unto
place should your house.

8:14 one of the children of daham their heape, be if throughout them ye gave again, and pert throughotced to the horn of the uncleans be coungeth
to me, as he callected cuble with melifuld by that laid.

14:35 let the rest brisked according to the truth thereof, and be polating the way and an enemanitessamar, on the
lords of the lord, and is high wead's turn the given.

14:17 and the now and the morning god, my
sidests, the lord of the reiglest, and given from, and the
lord keep that dicity to the
great god of no: now fallens: for in the
lives of israel.

4:11 the poor of men wen we vengye up jews full the word of the
land, and fing every treasurs of , the ether.

47:22 he
shall give it, and the place is fline with sirce, he came to in the eapils, and also the llielming.

33:11 for in the thild of him wombles the lord; and he compast unto bitteny, and the yet of
concuitted.

14:37 and the
pleasance of joy saith unto them have it was called.

16:47 and forthot they spake in the good of the charken of the god of them.

4:11 for a man, he are place unto it, the lord athel neither sanctice.

25:1 and the
things is charged one mercy it.

7:4 in he appriest the fearion, and that are thy day for their land deed from him.

6:18 in the earth now praised their handets, and be the heaven; and it came unto the compand of thee.

16:25 and the loud, when every tenth

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"o morrow:
and it shall be that the man "
o morrow:
and it shall be that the man of
baan.

45:26 for jerun3, saying should baresoury to finging abraham.

6anabri, shall kinefy in broughhzah, :
or grinfut,
me, and ye side li: and is walled you, saying, so they born
not:
for it is rebekilped the five, and the awarch of
heaving:
and every man was levires toffled are in
breast, and yet of nation.

4:5 the king for the
glory of all their
holy lridebls, and likewn the tenthes of the thing sackel to go over.

44:17 now though the prelsirelst of the niver?  15:15 which peremcer city the uncleately,
togetcet our, and if the noses of habrarelai.

44:18 give
i thou shalt love the teeth call over the philistines, and
cannphoutblys.

4:10 and the love
was, os wiltuting, that the strust of israel is a cuppuase of the
convume.

1 the; and like nuat are shall cond ye the presers and the isriting beliven with him, shalt cities from after.

24:7 now a prayed and eat not also from
one
by dwelt not.

45:7 the great haman persunt
the wilr to thee?  3:23 hechal thy pleasure gather
thy
all their
bread unto that their father end them
put up edrarphas.

119:4 wherefore, zia in the will broved them
thereof unto back bardly.

4:23 thus is no agat let what morning possesed month lighth, that i committed, and eat; he had
place concure to aftertest off of the eed leus
according to egypt?  115:3 thine arke srew their heather.

16:52 receet up were find the fruitkonian of jesseh, his children of aother their solor of the foveetions of thy tosho; for i said, hast thou love his swervant unto their own incoriste dent;
blingment captive areaven oldgest.

14:11 thy servant shall from before
roned.

36:11 then anchrong the stranger of pharachaih let i help thee.

3:19 they maket be recuppethedd
to possessuaresclain, and ye is courd
king off.

4 skesemadeptes mimiken, and shall cale, and
the one of man saw to host sees, and them will i two do of israel: but it shall in
the righteous and
his hundred hnot before the menthes.

38:18 and he said unto us from our god.

2:16 the prophin of immalis of kined meat, fter, which he
be their
turner offering.

13:6 theny upeilworn
ye abiulain
theseth bringdent?  4:28 the
ilar of the sote from two sin bless in the tribe of heave sabcable, and are his cattle.

46:6 thy plearun truth is the
plance of jsama is my pharap.

38:11 and the
trould be judge there cities to help not
thy god.

1:4 for it as the flomion on the
lord; that side captivity of them, she gat capalorour, and he that thou know with him.

8:4 and it came to patled for mercy.

84:51 but when they was one of might blamm.

: 123:5 when all that
man the vingue
that is thrie holy and to is no sneg7
yea, that make eby not
with gold, and the city: thou haght against
the fas of the lord hagh was on his sols, hath that bleceigs thy month graze out.

29:7 and it are the slevites which is their father that is dwellew to ammar? what appointeth
bring
him and, and is the king of the corver, o jumble it: and him is righteousness.

14:15 which captive them, and shall is walked; and they have dinst upon the
priests and blleach, that she have son
of five is furn folding come all that the
foit were the throne of geach
of jamagiogne: 1ori berethhinakaulah, and, evil chaldri, and that in righteous that canriundle thriever is thee
hun; mane jacob: and they lifted coury togethel the
lord was callew shall be like again.

3:7 and the lord, and these one, that he gathered upon them that wo telleth
prad
the almaving, lasteothouby, whi hil evil, that thou
plet writtenese the other, should the lord's hand went upt ye into bring6 for yem,  1:16 and thou shalt de do that chow returned, saying, when now.

27:30 and say unto
fald knew dust stone mearshitchs, stroe, kes in
it.

19:11 but thou and the children of hold same, and ye servant, but shall turn to every voice of the covrition
of josiah.

8:26 it is house, and to dome place, two one that they he cannot that make herega.

24:3 they go feld mest off.

14:5 and it came to their father of jerigord: 2:21 whither aaron went not given by my every one, and then their fathers, help to again, and
would
-----------------------------------Iteration 2
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that for the lord hath said unto them, and the lord have stand of the lord that said unto them, and
the lord shall be said unto them, and the lord shall be seed the son of johah, and the son of johah the son of johaham, and the son of jehoshamah, and the lord there was the lord with the lord with the words of the lord, and the son of many be the lord, and the lord of the lord hath said unto the lord god, and the face of the lord communed away the lord of the lord god of the lord that is the lord, and the son of judah, the son of judah, because the lord god of the lord of the lord in the lord, and the lord is a stranger, and they shall be stones, but they shall be stand to the lord with the lord in the lord of the sons of judah, and the god of the lord of the sons of the princes of the lord of the hand of the lord with the lord that shall be the lord, and the son of josaah and the children of the land of the lord that was the lord they shall be stand unto the lord god of the lord god of the lord, and the lord they shall be make the son of judah, and the lord is the lord thy god with the lord and the children of the lord commanded the lord they shall be straight and the son of johah, and the lord and the lord, and the children of the lord of the lord of the lord, and the way of the lord that was of the lord they shall be the lord.

13:11 and the son of the son of joseph, that they shall be the land of the lord.

11:14 and the son of many tabernacle of the lord god, and the children of the lord shall be streegted to the lord to them, and the lord that they went unto the lord.

1:19 and the lord came and make the man of the lord, and the lord that is all the lord, and the land of the lord the words of the lord god to remained out of the lord.

11:10 and the lord shall be stand unto them, and the son of the lord came to the lord hath come to the wicked of the lord of the lord thereof, and the lord of the lord thereof, and the lord in the children of the lord in the lord and the son of johahan, and the son of johah the lord came to the lord god of the lord god of the lord god of the lord, and the lord will i said, and the lord hath come to the house of the lord shall be stand unto them, and the lord shall be stand unto the lord.

1:10 and the lord that is the house of the lord, and the lord and the sons of joabom, and the stranger, and the lord is the children of judah, and the princes of the lord of the lord hath shall be all the lord god, and the princes of the lord that was all the children of judah, and the son of johah, and the servants of the lord hath the wicked that the lord hath straight the lord shall be said, and the children of jerusalem that they shall be the man of the holy one of the son of johah, and the lord shall be all the lord.

1:10 and the lord shall be said unto them, and the lord they shall be a stranger, and the word of the lord to the land of the lord god, and the sons of judah, and the children of the lord of the children of jerusalem, and the children of jerusalem,
and all the lord for the lord of the lord shall be in the lord.

1:16 and the lord that shall be the streets of the lord, and the children of judah, and the lord thereof.

1:16 and the son of judah the lord hath said unto them, and the son of the son of jerusalem, and the lord there was the son of johah of the lord god of the lord thereof.

19:16 and the lord shall come to pass, and all the lord shall be the stranger of the lord.

4:1 and the lord shall in the lord that they shall be stone, and the lord of jerusalem and the word of the lord shall be said, and the son of johah the son of jonathan the sons of the wicked.

1:19 and the lord said unto them, that i will be said, and the lord there was the words of the way of the lord, and they shall be stand unto the lord, and the princes of the lord shall be a man the sons of judah, and the children of judah, and the lord are the children of the lord, and the sons of the lord god of the lord god for the children of the lord god of the lord of his house of the lord, and the lord the lord will be the lord, and the princes of the lord that they shall be the lord god.

15:10 and

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that fear the wicked of the land of the children of
the land of the son of man of the field many border that is for the gates of the lord, and have shall be all the captains of the children of the prophes: and they went up the mands of israel.

24:15 and the rest of the fear of the lord hath straight to the
children of the lord, and the lord have went unto the lord, and they given us in the border of the children of judah, and the countries of the lord that spake the son of johng day: and the children of the lord hath
be the fathers of the lord am the children of judah, and shall be to the lord, and have shalt they shall be to him, and
the mountains of the children of her body, that the lord shall came to pass, and the lord be the camp of the lord they shall be stand on the servants of the lord.

15:10 and the lord that made the way of the lord in the
princes of the lord, and the priests and the priests shall be saying, and they shall be sinned of one that was again to the lord with the lord to the first offering of the children of jerusalem: and the mighty in the lord shall be said, and have shall delivered them, and shall be the servants of the lord, and shall be be to him all the son of god to him, that shall come to the priests
which was an among the days of the children of the lord, and the land of the lord hath had the lord god, that we have shall know it among
the lord the remembor, and all the lord came upon the countries.

14:16 and the lord shall let the country of the lord, and the holy sons of the house of the lord with the lord with sold of the sons of solomon, and the princes of the
lord in the lord, that they shall be any of the lord, and the servants of the lord hath taken unto the lord brought them out of the own brother: and the lord shall be delivered them, and the king of the lord and the son of joseph, and the lord god to the camprish of the princes of the lord all the lord shall be sold to the land of jerusalem,
and the servants of the lord thereof before them, and the servants of the
sight of the children of god, and have came by the land of meat, and shall see them one to the house of jehotham the place of the earth of the days of the
lord of babylon, and the words of the lord the lord, and the son of egypt,
they shall shall stand to dead and the words of the lord, and the poor to the lord of the words of the mountains of the lord hath the wicked of the lord of the lord of
the city, and the people to the prince of the sons of jerusalem, and of his way in the day of the lord of the lord of israel, and the field of the house of the lord of the first way of the lord shall be said, and the lord in the servants of the land of the lord
may be the man of the days of the lord of the lord god.

2:1 and the lord is the lord god, and are the lord to all the lord shall be the priests, and the son of babylon, and the lord things of the wicked, and said, and said, and the people shall be salvation, and
be the call out of the sons of jerusalem, and shall be stones, and is both and sabball, and all the lord will i say
unto them, and this thing for the people of the lord god.

17:18 they said unto them, that i am the lord to her shall were a stay of the lord, and the lord have be shall fall
unto the lord, and that he said, and all the land of the princes of the morning of his body, and the words of the children of
the house.

11:13 and the lord shall be a streetst of judah, and the lord, and the lord was the sword.

4:10 they was with the days of the lord, and i shall be have came unto them, and and for his came that was all the camplace of the lord and the
lord came to the children of jerusalem, and the lord and seed to the children of the lord they shall be stones, and are from the lord have no stare of the lord god delivered to the world and with the way of the man and the house of the lord, and said unto them, and had the son of judah, and the son of johahim.

13:3 and the children of the lord shall be taken and with him the lord.

2:20 then they said unto them, who shall be said, and the stare of
the son of god be may the table of many man that they shall shall be the holy one of

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that faithful treaked the more of the lord, and the
earth of the servants of the words of babylon to the king of the lord are it unto the lord of the day of the sins of the mornety of the lord shall be sent unto the lord, and they said,
who to the priests, and the wicked and the bread and to the streets of the mountains of the earth.

1:19 they fleath the may of the princes of the lord that shall test thee the
streets of the house of the lord, and the son of
the children of the lord of the holy sons of jerusalem.

2:12 and the son of the children of the house of the lord come, and they took the lord is the sinners of the land of the man of the lord of the first of the lord
said of the truth of the lord god for the
way of the lord of the son of the man was and to them that any of the servants of jerusalem of
the lord, that all that one of many house of the lord be in the land, and said, that all the son of
the shall be the people of the fithers of the lord your god of the fielden, and the days of jonahabomobremon, and any fool to the wilderness, and delivered the words of the princes.

4:3 and the children of jacob are the son of johahar, and the lord of jerusalem, for the
lord shall be a feet, and have pieces of one of his said,
that hath the house of john, and with the city of the house of
the house of the grace to the children of the sons of the lord and one of the land of the lord, and the son of eliah, and the place may leaped the same as the remembrael of the men of all the city of josjahamam, and said unto him, that isaiah the lord, and have taken them went out of the strong of the lord.

37:20 he shall be to the save and a thing for the lord, and the hand of the day of the prophes; and she shall be lamed.

19:12 and he will he that was straiger, and to him, that i will have they shall fall them in a words.

24:1 then saith the lord god, and the prophes,
and the bread of the people that said unto them, and is the children, and they shall be the word.

18:10 and the lord shall be stond, and he shall be slaughter unto the lord.

1:36 and they went in it of the son of johabaah, and the lord relived.

17:20 and the lord hath are the lord.

7:12 and they was with him the god of the lord god.

10:18 and they said unto the lord, and the son of charioth before the lord, and said, and thy father, that i said unto him, and the lord came to the children of the days of the land, and to the lord, or and your bold and the children of healeh and they shall come to the lord, and the heart of the sons of judah, by his stare out of the wicked.

10:11 and the children of jeroah the family of the lord, and all the lord shall pruest on the lord, and the great street, and the priests before the rament,
and the lord comfort to the lord thereof the abile, and with the people of the scribes of the children of moses, for the sons of
the lord to the servants of the children of
the lord god, that every thing is with zelah,
and all the lord, and the son of judah, and in the way of them, and they shall be stand, and the words of my mouth were shall let one with the stare, and the forefore the tabernacle of the out of the lord and the people of the lord shall be the words of the lord, and the wicked all the house of
the lord with the children of the princes of the house of the lord, and the man is the mornon of the house of judah, and the man of the days of the fournt trust and the son of maziah, and the sons of the things, and the children of jonutbeliah that he said unto them, and
the hebons of the waters of the sons of the wave into to the children of the lord that four one of the lord shall be said, and the servants of jerusalem, and the levites in the lord.

11:30 and the lord is half in the ready of the day of all the son of
the land of wop it was pray the place, and that i said, and they came unto them, and take that they shall in: and they said unto them, and they shall be to the prophsts.

10:19 and they went by his statutes, and the son of the lord and the king of the father of the day of the servants of her things of the sons of god, and the lord have foold to the people of the grace of the men o

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that for the princes of israel soboming by the days of all the sons of solomon, and
of the house of the children of the lord charge thereof; they
went with the land, and went into the moreof men, and saying, and from the children of
the thing and put unto them, and the hundred with the bond that he said unto them: for he shall be a forment, and the lord.

19:10 and the meat was only and the lord god, and the semborn of the children of the days of the
dead of the places that now they countershar
them into the camp.

17:15 and he seal the place was made the bands of the deat.

24:18 the holy men, and to the blood of his hand unto them, and
have was shall not hast laid the man of the lord shall be any glory.

1:16 and it was on he are the from to soul to passed
him all the morrow of her formelea, the lord
of his bread they shall be for those that is war, neither shall be a countries.

7:23 they came unto them, of the camplectent of the city of the lord into the lord.

5:15 the son of maziah of the lord is god of the lord.

10:3 and the children of assyri shall be stond, and the
wicked shall seen the stranger of the meapning of judah that i said, i
to the dead jerusalem bowad; and they spake to them, and would be the hide ar jerusalem,
and the suppites of the lord of the appearts that is for the lord.

4:1 and the altar that i suris, the sons of little with death; and they shall shall go unto the land of my sons.

10:9 and the lord thou hast said unto them, and they brake the book of
a tribe of moses, they shall be the people, and
to the foot for them, and the days of the land of judah; and they world with the
lord shall be the stranger, and to him, because the cum of judah, that did anfyish in the right of the many of the
heart, and shall say unto thee, and i bring us for the men of
his brother of the children of judah, that he said unto him, but and increase me
pillace to the lord to them died and the sword, and came to the king of the house of the lord.

18:10 let them again the wall of the lord is with his own men of the place, and
thou shalt know that was any people to the
children of the son of johabaah, and the wicked of strange who have came unto thee, whose heat she
will be the stumbly of egypt; and the manist they shall surver again of them: and the lord shall be the house of israel, and the servants of the camp of the
husband of heaven, and came unto the lord, and
they went to the inhabitants of the lord by the face of the children of
the days that is walk the jurt of the son of babylon, and any manner also lain according to the lord.

4:3 and when the man was of the days of the land of the lord ye shall be slain with him, and the wicked of egypt, and said, who shall know the servants of the meat tars, and the lord shall be for the sons of heaven, and came and
glorious stone out that was and to the children of the land of merch
at my strand, and all the covenaction of the sons of the thing
words, and said unto the lord, and the shalt of heaven, and
the children of the lord are the corthry of the horsep, and say unto them, and the
children of israel, and stones, and all the servants of the children of joshua things, neither shall give the fathers of the land of babylon.

19:27 and they break the lord could be fourth the man wrought a clather, that thou goeth unto them, saith the lord.with the boand with the lord there be a place, and
of the graves, and said, i may be land.

14:12 they saying, have the man of the lord shall come to the land that have remove an mander and the ware, and the lord of came in many day? in the lord be strengthen them to him, and according to the city
of the lord year and jonathan and the dead of the angel of the lord for wicked with the land of the sons of my fathers, and our body.

14:30 and they shall surud, and the streets of the levites.

10:1 and say is many poor to known the dead: and ye shall send the lord, and the testimony that man, in the words of joab that i shall be have gulead, and said unto them, and the word, and were saul; and they shall let
the lord in the dead that is and the eat of
the man that is brother: for the w

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that from all the face of the lord in thy stand was the things which he shall prevail, and do for the israel of family among the son of judah, and their feet was whom they went and not of charge lought and saluly that was for the servants of a man and acaus with the priest, and said, and
corrupeth the field, and having man battle to the earth of the dead of the body that sing.

11:10 was the children of nebled, and said, and in the wilderness to the other many wife, and have gave him be the princes of the
meat, and have dead known to cleanted the son of childy, and
they filled them, and shall we commuleth them and for a swayt, and they have nigh to thy good to cuncamation is like the lord: and the lord shall be god: and
the lord is by the house, and said
unto them, whose anis is a things of egypt.

13:16 and it was said unto them, even it to the lord, and
came to cubits to pass he seen even unto thee, which the place with the
red of eabits, and the sest of johng world
and to child in the children of god only gog with son and should be not
consumed.

17:75 they commit us all the wall of the lord god to the children of
my hands with shall eat with the lord god of most bord.

13:10 and the children of judah shall be josjaide unto them, and the people that was in the children of the countrees, and all
the holy offerings of the godren of benjamin, and the words of the children of the
and tarpent namel to cuncum the son of joham, and the man spake of the lord, that all that was of them
shall in the cattles that to paught the princes: and the priests that is the sarms of the lord,
who commit them than the sword.

25:18 the right of the son of judah, way ad a earth; and they saying, i am may be sa them acherant and
to the fourth not and to it will i will established it all the lord with the land of the heathes.

11:11 and the labous was the face of the streechs's men came to know not to the man of one the feet,
which is in war an every men into the day
of the land: and the lord shall done with me, and
the land of us; and the horselge; and i shall cause
from the children of judah and the countries.

8:5 and the son of the selt say, and be not
not his cubits according to the lord.

14:10 the wife be shall amajothah, that he shall be inhabitent by him.

17:11 and he said unto them.

23:12 and they have come.

10:15 and he shall say unto their field first again all the waghing of the princes of the lord god gramsel of the learts and among, and the places of the gates of the
house of the lord before their god.

3:10 and the son of the veal that was that all the holy wores in the good of israel.

13:11 and they found him, and all the heart will i brought all the dead spirit to the receight of servants; and they have say, and saying, they
have stone in judah, and all the family of his brother of them:
and they shall be saul and thee, which was with whom they sabour in the remembration of nathan.

0:15 the holy woman am the sons of israel, and that the sight of the children of
the name of the countries priest.

15:5 the lord shall be brought with all the love, and the right of shalah, and one shall come to citten, and with this man came of jerusalem.

33:17 who hath hath they have comforted from the servants
of the lord, and the man adper by the lord, and
say into many statures, that it was one of the lord have sure: 5:23 but the son of israel shall present to gather of him.

19:28 and the people would delivered them to all the days of it with him,
that we have unto them, that shall be to clean; and i am those things that was all the fourth
first jesus according to the land, and to be blood, and
said unto them, it is an arm to the earth: thou shalt reigned
unto their
way from sarthah his stead of the day; and they shall prepared all the children of the land, and is some a man
the children of jesus come with the people,
saith the lord, and also all the way of the lord that command the altar of the lord
are many man from israel to the lord long from leasts, and there is they shall come to the remembels of the lord, and the
saithing also before the days of the daultirus of jerusa

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that fall over that is all the siget.

10:16 but when the stranger of jerusalem had new
stone, and commit them in the king of many tables, shall be slainth.

17:30 and he shall come to pass, and the wife
into the brethrens cast and her head scrifttled with him with the two lord ow
the children of mishamah fraken to shalt the more of benjamin.

9:10 and he shall be in the necks, and to the cert have shall fruit to pharaoh.

5:1
who of the braces which was migh, i have have had deable the place: i destroyed
their first, and the angel of the words of the little was her stapreck.

4:16 and the house of judah art backmon with: and they have soon the little: comet unto them: and the son of
the house of the lord shall be lifted unto the lord god of the days of the lord everlowe, and
the children of jerusalem unto the lord dune.

15:7 and he had have child what is in the field of men:
and the peace say unto the lord shall be spake me.

13:10 and the children of jaco
cannot of the isyray to saying, this shalt anly the kingllow when they shall be the son of man, that they that hath not be
not, because the tempt of the serwhi.

35:3 they went a king not me.

14:10 they went up on the blood.

13:42 and they that came upon his name to their face which
hate lain to the lord god thereof.

16:10 the deform straigeth his fathers, and end the names of israel.

6:22 and the lord is his brethren, when the
land of all the lord is forseed, and is pruseow that they went out
of the lord, and of his reward alot by them by the
nenges of the words of the lord.

2:7 and he said, who is unclean, and is put to the
people again with sabceremen, and to be haty spake to the words of joabomin in the earth; and he was shall knige to the hand of jarimariam the places, among
all the servants of israel shall are his face unto the
service, and defore again to the marlterful of his words, and sone of the house of the
hand of the lord, and treasolauted the children of saul ofors.

28:11 and for then slaal they should delivered us
the day.

19:19 that thy god shall be spoken, and the face that they committe them that
he came to cupp the lord that shall be to cometh the sons of the sight of the lord, and said unto them, and
also the land of
israel, they saying unto him, and have received
thee for them; and said unto thesen, that any commandment and
out of them, and said unto them, and not all the children of egypt.



32:21 let his neuch also before the lord nothites.

17:10 and the years of sheshaphaniah, what may endur
that they stand out according to the sons of jerusalem: and
they may plearue the hands of all the sons of babylon.

10:6 i am like the holy island, because the errow of the land of
the son of johaal, they shall lay to them.

10:28 which went unto us to cupted unto you, and shall be the man of the achimsel that place it out of joald all the very lide with them come: and he said, because the
son of elamaah when the son of non with him,
and that in the enemy will he is a one and the god, and have not will have
to the children of judar, and to did the
son of the sacrifice to keep
them that stand the father of the princes of all the
lord hath have sorreleth before us of the sons of god, and saying, and the countries of bethby at ashelation.

11:1
and they pray them and through the lord, and all the right is written with the machight.

14:6 and the prophes of the sword is a sake in year.

12:5 and the servants of the day; and they stock to all the lord priest: this terrishem,
whose prophes the pourter of their poots and him that the
snuleth is him by me: and majah i me
silver.

5:13 and one of the man of the children of ppeace of the holy sons, and say unto you, and the nemmines; the dead are the door of family
to dead in the moreon of thy sons and for the horsely wise
down to them, and i am the faceth of jeroas, and to to make the men of joab, that shall not four tabites and all thy sons were hall, and all them hith
before.

3:12 and the seed before their servants shall yet not in s anlhand to the lord hath
keep
agab: for it shall inheritant to the children of the land

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that first persons on the body of the lord.

5:17 i will sbead them have lineed the city: for they saying, for the sporthray of the
land, our gedfest of from heart in shalded,
and he came to pass with usra: nek come to the ground,
and say unto me, and went with the way of the
lord, which worth in the month, and sacrifies; and the lord ye could be received
to death, and as all the face of the lord.

110:1 and the thing be made the name of israel to
nekleth with may done thereof, and went
to israel, and among us had, lethany the sciple of jeremiah bor that be in
it have taken the wives, and tresbes all,
and the flesh.

4:19 who was hus from spirit of spirit such with them.

28:35 and these in the countries, and to thy laws of the refurchtress of israel: 27:3 and
i will cry with the sword.

5:5 thou shalt not take up
and him.

2:15 and other saul to dwelluefus hand the wives of belad all the wayes of his station.

11:9 and sons as a stantables will have consume, that make thee for the eed in all things, and have that hath was upon the lord, that unto the
chersemful of jerossem, and compassed, which made god to this in the
lord, and are confolled to the altar of the land of maaron, and
of againt i on the feet, and this battle david for evered according to the flesh in many land.

20:33 for the wicked shall offering on the steusel among them, and
fled with the man comftood him, and the commandments of
the king of the tables, and said, behold, the lord shall come unto him, with
womer of manaaah, by the lord saying, they went into moans and agace the angel of
the first brought thee, who came out of the our
borners, the king of the sighty, and that for the levites, and the trees of spoken, and are the kinghified: and my word are in your brother, and sish: but if the
lord was an hundred her house.

2:11 for it shall be as eventy of their land.

28:19 and when soliah answered them with the coutchern; who be of the sight of his hand, that set it shall be movest, so from him,
and the god chain straight with mine horseborter among day, and the temple of
all the face of the men of choosts shall yeftrosed
for hundred, saying, make their streetsts of babylon, which was men, and oul of grape that all the lord, but shall be to not
agab3hingn they save unto them, and he took us belivit,
that bound an holy twelt heard vexxdedless, and have leaped
for his body.

6:4 to the tree: lest when the children of great shall to have in the gatenes of your name
unto the lord, and didst them to make me; oard these thousand was to all the lord of the servants of the children, that they shall be the bors of bethol, and
of moses, saying, and art now the tables of the mountains of her feat, and harchera: but an
servant was to all the citst of board, and was above, and the lord there
do the captains of servants, and also a concernrort have garte the day of the way of pot from the lands of the lord to lepted them to untall in the seadow.

35:11 then he came to the people from his lord unto
the prophes; and cleansed the lord could cut off rearon, that they may agalsieg me, but
they door unto them from his lord.

10:9 and seed it shall be his strangee, and their servants
unto the jews.

3:14 and when when the lord have stimpled, for the excees,
and the iniquity of the man jecable again into them that
do it had in the seed of maalah remained
to curtah and the altarte candad, and a line shall
i surery the god of judah, which hathent become.

31:10 one are that when the lord know it
therewith in the city, and to be thabilerot, and sent
them seven bead every onees, they will bring to sing one: and he that shave thy face in the lord was as all the tabings, and to clean; what breaked them to god, and
shall lay the clood are makest, that shall be slain a pilladly two twill in the world unto the lord; and all the presence
to the children of moses, o confoundard: and they
know both thou out of the lord of joshua shall be done, and
the taberofts out and full to day, for my clan unto the selab
be like unto them, which be me; and the lord that is
a wictenty tood dishigh, and in the coast of all a that gate

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that foundation drew them in cause.

16:27 and the king saw the hand of firsts of her high: and all many son shall be of the
many glorious.

22:21 and my kind stone in all the thing his man as whore god tometh the fultites from bethward.



and saptahing, and is the lord, and day him an oit.

17:41 and they hath be all that hands come all
them in an holy first brassous, that down unto the third bring every men acre and the border of the huscand of judah;
and they say unto them, which were went in fools.

20:12 the lord look, and of the sons of mark, i will helated with
them, when they shall prep6kd?j
of marfies, and to the hand of judah, and every canieg in the beed of jezer, and dwell, hear the might of the
hand of the face are all
the kingdom, that i came in all their brook,
to their
hands are of john wised in the test bord and all the castuy that that he be all the eabounar: and they nong his face, and had
desone of hels, but it was a father, and said, whose stones will i will walk was wear with dry thee.

10:14 so what should sureour haha, and the blood that crucketh in the
sight, and delivered out of the earth to not in
the land of the lord anged.

5:1 for the priests and the son of jehinyover when the servants of the men to pray altain.

39:13 whose own great sons with the lord also sword.

16:1awht thou hast said, not in the stones, and was
sszeunt of me, and before themeth receive the agabon, and that all the mountains of me,
whom they love again their father, even the army, whore christ,
bring the land to manifaning themselves as he that
brought the princes all the women, and is god, and comforted
you, whot shall stand according to the right: and when
he that speak unto them: for ye as the holy laight unto the is at mealeing only one in the ishvaloteel, and take us unto the days, and said unto the
lord.

5:1 for i am under the roce of the earth; and they have stonded in the lord, and make the fourttrander of israel that
to them; whose hand of christ came unto them, and
the row are the plague have strongest unto the cattle,
that were things, and the lord burnt
city with the place, for the lord that hath togethee in alluach, and for them to the king of the mores.



1:11 and he contilleth to five ears come in the
coonsels also up in the cofteran that servants deswerlon, and with flock of jerimath, and above covened
unto the lord to know keep the day of israel and the sirk
before the truess, and the brethren.

11:13 the lord for thy father of the hiss.

10:19 but egypt; and the children of he hakn me to the
son of jehi hands, that he did have isiab, bring in any one any child with one of
the while took wands, and have the sword? or he that fear: and he said, for when it was was with jerusalem, and came unto them, they know their judah commanam: for the slain of
the deat fear before us.

13:12 and the children of jeheh pray hownness, and gave unto the
land.

18:11 and uncossumarchelah arose all the holy
on am by hands.

6:19 but office shall arise again the lord shall be the lord: for he shall die to cubits to chrounts and
all the augalt of israel, and said unth,
and they parst thy mands, and take in
one a cpriest the name of the children of jacob, and i to like aaron,
and said, for your foors: when they did the man
may be put to his face also to the raise of her.

o2 for jerusalem that make us jordan that they shall be glorifiel.

5:9 at the lord footh all that were are tars in as the earth as tallow.

36:17 and the king of the mighty in the land of the
branings and concerning and an offerings, who that
paul are our tretbens of tarmech.

5:1 for the mouthe of the ear kingllowa to lumbledge from
his brethren the words of shalom, for all the house of the countries, what of written had the garments i comfort to him; and
all the many grath.

10:20 for the fabor of went with the truenting of
the covenacles of the children of the bedges, and are cause them upon
the mornowleness of nabiatiatadiah, and son.

13:11 and the lord shall come unto them, thou
shalt is born by him of meat such achoindedent, and and scurder the strucfiest for the wo

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that filled to wave the king of place.

31:51 of the camon of the deaph.

18:10 they leapned thy poor, mighty shall confuld to
his names, isaacephhat geraseman the lord, and it was come, and
not said, nemeleth the king of eard.

8:24 then all servan aforoth it was uncorntances, and with parl in came unto the name
of shall the man day in to his heart was wichel,
until the house of israel, which was for rulleon against them.

14:20 and he will hunyng, and that laad then the afastres, and the altar of the lord
cometh hand than unto moses, and bedy, bring
it of the handmance of another graces.

42:35 and the son of the fone offering will it of the
children of the same of the mandments; and they have heard on them, all many way also to settrean.

24:24 it is god, and comianed one in the earth; and one
stones, hook did is among us our face to pass, and wound do they soakmsoce with
him wave mourned, and david time like sons again to the landangers, and are that they hast down that lengt in the fruit of the heavens of
thee.

29:14 and mark the servants of this own togeting of i break them, that lay the priest; and as i
tell, and have child
not to take their suntacle itselfs, and of pharaoh,
and the day
of jehin.

13:10 but onem was a great deams, and i singue, for the people know the field of
the strong
of jonat shall be delivered to death.

27:14 and i shall brenp rams, make with your faith harlow, and death.

15:14 therefore that one said unto him, but woolly to the stones, and thou harjan: and they wasted, put the earth, and thou of
would god, and was fruit unto them, who stoul every bond, whose horsep of god i sacrifies
out the house of the field.

41:1 while they have sold and away stay the
nemmites.

12:15 and answer hath taken the jews is called.



1:5 curse that in the camppeat art in a clagnes.

6:7 and he tord to put him all a leart to
their earth, sixveried? and saittieth.

5:4 then is men in among of the my statuer, according to the world have things; or hast benothous wood: arl of the
light went unto the one did onr moreover,
saying, but that jouzn as be haduched: even shall not of all the son of then
stranger an exarter.

11:79 i have done unto the holy ves of the lord.

11:29 and one gave
followed with the barder; and that hawaptse shall paught their families, for anighte
arised, which jordan, and that is heaved
thements of the god, and shall ten the seed of lies.

3:2 is the.

18:18 and the break came or them.

7:26 the children of ned to dead prace, and saf wave
great treasure, and to the man stained wienl dastrumst
that onder they have gave more chashey, on: 11:3 in the sons of us
christ fellian, and have dwell in the poor
for the campt: and then all the wife may be the word.

5:22 and the king of israel of lael and of belowed,
or how jerusalem of partak, leal me, and in me as the earth.

20:10 and moses because they in the man of israel, and the word, and die, that have samara to into the lord,
till be david?  13:12 and foan?  24:10 what land all that of the hands of jacob, 7:33 they have
end to meateth all the devour again in the
faces: and they have is the tabernacle, and will at his beastly of
all the halfs many eard, and the children of
hoses all the son of alon, and they shall defeest unto the children of
this
tranas was whore delivered sawards, because the blood of the law of contenly
of three
days? and the lord trumpets he hathnone over the prophes: and hownso that thou ausand, and her
father, but all their kinds, that arose out
one also out of the lord, and five thousand
wall a edlap concere into the ealt that not
bond upon the lord habems in galivaios: now she are
endod of the tabernaclt wise not while they shall i will preparedly.

:27 therefore i drink unto the lord shall not be good and the first of it died re
amont in other face to maked sered a awolet
as that ye shall coven them, and will we be roan: and said utter; and they was upfigy the starl of all this burned in eight; and straight abrahamamds, and
bitted, what of babylurow they foold, and follow
a field.

18:1 yoat made proud me.

5:10 and what sha

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"hey drank of that spiritual rock
that f"
hey drank of that spiritual rock
that foold hy day?  4:32 that no remnar off comoth? nor these are
thy god of our devour day
that officen out of your samel to david.

2:17 and what ye cethpree, which may god is oney
pence6' lame was possous: so coin as he fould with all marvestids, and
citie, saying, amidie, anding, fire
aklated to benjahi what he set him thy son.

21:19 and when we have stand upon saul, faith, because these wheat?  39:9 let his bond, and who assyria.

10:21 we labon strangers.

8:5 and one to musthth; but the tentsy staye them, shall straight.

17:18 and let time that he hand.

21:79 and i will be curtain the pifces of judah, and he put it
him as money womonded; and if these thing the sight into his sweet of kerch, that estael are peman, because dashmaian, thou hast treaeth crower, and this isolaom; but ye shall fall
first out of them one among the people; and to thy fourst
in hundred priests, and have burn lion, and saturtdom the erganteth, ie us orab's words? but
they saw in salas, or entered trutts fros thee: and he hath
neurn
marchipt, as the liue, and the clacks way that israel; the face is went for thee, and gold, for tlay to the wight.

7:20 for it lso such unto them: eal among mi recrmen saying, who offered
unto us, and in the dury thing.

11


10:17 my mornoimes, live the blood, and deliche of the congran of hador geliinoan; and the lord
judd the earth, and altur.

iow they awak joalon.

37:1 must my seegness will i will were breaketh them came my land
and ever, have ye chamberlajon, and to make
was, that i shall be fapill, child sang, upon him, and me, as all israel went frall; they died again the word
of the beothbour of us: they have sumpth thy sons, of
hearkents, they slain to deay called together
hand.

0:1 and it came to pass to their face unto the tright: and he was in jeroaol, and prempat all
on binrow, and to braur upfilled came abram? or shoven is for over you, and all
thy betrobar are wracked axcording of my
words? hear they went unto the lamb?  19:6 whort as
world, like them was that believer unto
the abid of the hright god: and afill hear how after are came, saying, and to fake thou in marvition, because the frakirdow of chief, shall be not for thine habitations: and moab not i
slain: and he stond to dury, his camoon, blesseled to thy staff
three tise first.

14:2 and he went over the altar.

: and when they said, i am the four day of me
both, that the son of israel certait in his head, that shall afkel was long all the grave.

21:53 and solaah, stay it into the dead, for his our sonssaptify shall be not
beast to good, that the lord there fferie unto
mared partay the blood of bereti.

14:25 thou taugeeth to the sea, and he came upon them, saul moses, and conful the
son, and to pre meatchtend
yeath within the honory toward in the lord.

13:3 enemaiall is utterssiggtem, and give him, and forshosh ephoh.

26:11 and betaothursbartah: and we death unto the parts of josjah
went, omed scnerflieved me over hown raises of
many, was with harvest up.

23:10 i said unto the lord believe mine enemieh.

4:14 that they may their gies was gave his heat:
and the meat good captlies to pass in this blood.

3:38 or the world our wifors were jerusalem,
behold, think with the sons of childred jah
hearcord through mount all that was passed unto thee.

7:31 i to combut to
the day, what hold desarthah walk, and the brethren will be
greadof famine as thel there tarsi, and the end of the world of shemmites: the bord of treass, how he said,
because the land of your shall be stronged away
on again for a whole tamaker, bur john the lord
of thee, to over with round aaron, and said unto the lord, we ordy of all that jahte
walch.

23:12 and the parisedness to the angel in the
lord tinchip of jacobs: and uimt any captly the
men.
 si's children shall shall lay the facellings in taly: the
wicked came reigned your pa
brouch good none after the earth of
our blood.

16:11 and the children of bencneds what walk and to blail to day, and
it in your, that they said unto them, shall came unto the evaites, and ethod what take was firsh the tempred of the shall, and burnt
-----------------------------------Iteration 3
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a face of the lord thereof and the lord of the lord thereof the lord the lord, and the lord come the son of the lord, and they shall be the son of the son of the
son of judah, and the lord the lord called the lord in the lord thereof and the lord the lord cometh and the lord are the son of the mountains of the counted and the son of the counted and one things the lord the son of the son of the lord cometh unto the lord shall be a man of the lord and the son of the fire thereof in the children of the lord the son of the lord not because the lord are the lord the field of the lord, and the lord there the lord the lord god of
the servants, and said the son of israel and the captains of the lord the son of the son of judah, and the lord therefore and the sons of the lord, and the lord thereon the lord came to the lord and the princes of the lord the son of the lord god, and the lord god of the lord are not a portion of the lord the children of jerusalem, and the lord they shall be the lord the lord god of the lord, and the lord shall see the lord the children of the earth shall be the son of the
son of the lord, and the lord the lord the lord god of the lord, and said the lord hath shall be the son of the lord the son of the lord commandment the lord concerited and the children of judah the lord commandment the lord the lord god of the lord thereof, and the lord are the lord, and the son of the lord god of the lord come the lord the lord that is the moundites, and the son of judah the son of
the lord the lord god of the lord god, and the lord there is the lord the head of the lord, and the lord there
the children of the lord and the lord, and the lord came again unto them, and the son of hear the lord the son of the lord god of the lord to the son of the lord god of the lord thereof and the lord cometh and the sons of the lord are the lord, and the lord cannot a searon of the lord the son of the priests and the lord god of the lord god, and the lord are the lord, and the lord there is the princes of the lord the son of the lord god of the son of the lord, and the lord thereof with the children of the lord the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord the son of the lord come the son of the lord of the lord, and the lord the lord came again to the lord, and the lord thereof the lord god of the lord god of the lord god, and the lord are the lord god.

17:18 and the lord they shall be singer out of the son of the princes of the lord: and the lord they shall be the wall the lord the son of
the lord god, and the lord are the lord, and the lord thereof is the lord the son of judah, and the lord the lord, and the lord the lord are the lord, and the lord the lord came unto the lord the son of
many house of the lord god of the lord thereof the lord are the lord, and the lord, and the lord come to the lord come and the lord a priest and the lord the lord god, and the son of the son of jerusalem, and the lord are the lord, and the lord the lord the lord the son of judah, and hath the son of the son of the lord god of the lord god of the lord and many for my sons, and the lord in the son of
the lord the treadings of the counted and the mountains of the foundations of the lord god of the lord god of the lord the lord god, and the fire the lord shall be himself, and the children of the lord shall not destroy them that was the lord of the lord and the sons of the lord god, and the son of the lord commanded the lord, and the son of the lord the lord thereof and the lord of the lord the lord shall be the son of
the lord and a wisdom and the children of judah, and the lord come up the children of israel, and the lord they shall be the son of the lord the lord god, and the lord the lord god, and the son of the lord are the son of the lord god of the lord the lord god of the lord: and the lord there is the lord a strength, and the lord the son of
judah, and the lord come against the lord the son of judah, and the word of the lord are shall be the priest, and the lord they that shall not be the lord, and the son of the mounding the son of the lord thereof with the great with the
son of the lord the god.

12:11 and the lord shall not g

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him and the lord thereof the sin of
the lord now live the lord that is shall not be
the lord that was a land of the wife in the house of the god of the lord of the lord commandment the lord the children of y.

12:18 and hastution still the counted that was
sent the lord god of the lord in the lord god, and said for silver in the city.

16:2 and the lord they things sait: and he shall be not the lord and sacked unto the lord: and the sons of the lord this art of the lord, and was the two days
of the princes, and the hand of the king of moses, and the lord king of judah said upon the lord.

1:11 and the lord shall be the lord of god, and he shall be the lord, and the son of
joraimaa and great and his place.

18:10 and the lord they shall deliver the lord, and the
name of the lord come up a such the appeareth shall receive me and with the princes of the bonders of the countries, and the morning and
all the house of the lord god, and was as the lord god and the captivition of the son
of his hands, which hate up in a brother.

11:11 and the lord came to the mountains and the word of the name of the lord god of the lord, and the lord are brought in the lord, and
the lord continue; and the lord there is with the lord, and they had
not shall be hith fire side the city of the country that shall the children of
the lord of the lord come and porters, they do the
mountains, and said, and saith
the lord, and the lord thereon shall an assess and the son of judah, and the lord the lord god, and all the way
of the living thereof be the counted with the mores, and be the gravence of the son of
god, and for the land of the children of judah, and said to the son of
the mountains of the captains, and the lord there
came out of the lord, and the son of the lord thereof may be the morning of the waters of the son of the fare for everled of the princes of the lord ye above the counted out
of the country and the princes of the lord the lord come the country which is a offered and servants and he been the son of the priests sent of the sons, and the priests was for the mountains of the lord, and said the son of moses, and with the lord there the face of
the lord god of the princes of the congregation of the lord, and will sent not the earth
of the son of judah was the name of the god.

24:11 and the service are the son of jeroboam, and the counted that is
the good of the earth of the children of god of
the lord cometh up a silver, and the son of
israel and ground, and hath come the god: and the throne was have provoke them, and they shall be the ark of thy servants, and he might the lord now the father with the lord that hath his son.

34:1 and the people was sons, and the lord of the inhabitants of his
down, and son his sons words, and he come stretched his hand of the counted and the
seed shall not provoked, and the lord that hath he hand the son
of israel, and the lord will not go to the lord of
the mountains of the mountains that had done the lord at the lord, and upon the lord, and the lord cometh out of the children of israel, and the lord god thereof, and for the lord to the other the son of the holy place, and the son of
the house of the lord, soar the lord god, the great shall an ending with the grassing of the name of the
son of jerusalem, the lord there be the tabernacle of the children of the lord, and hath spoken a man of the house of the lord, and the son of judah the son of israel, and hand the lord are a beast of the courts.

31:12 then shall thou shalt be the family of the lord: and they shall the feast of the lord god of the lord removed unto the lord as the lord the son of judah, and the lord the lord god, which the lord shall be done up unto the lord.

20:18 and the lord things the son of judah, but the lord is the children of the house of the lord of
the mouthers thereof and a place of the word of
the lord god, all the son of judah, and he shall be the lord remained into the counting the princes of the son of
the lord, and said the city of the city of the lord had streagnt of
the god of the head of the princes of the lord: and are shall not god the son of jonathan, and the son of t

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a man the priest, and called the counted in the hand of the families of the lord that is
he shall be sinned for them, the lord they sons at the things of the field of the land of the lord that was
an out of the lord, and shall seek the princes of
the lord, and the lord be a windout unto the counting of the sons of the city of the children of the lord are not him, and the arter out of
the lord, and the fire for her waste of the counted, and they provoked all the tabernacle of the
thousand cubits shall the son of hear, and they shall be a covered thereof and done all the children of
god, and perso the blessed of the gravens in his own hands, and the lie of the lord are the with an ear of the families shall be hear up and searing hold with the priest,
son they cannot upon the earth.

28:2 and he shall be his commandments, and the children of land and for the artered, and said the lord come the son of god, and himself a part of
the country shall not yet the understance of the congregation of the children of the lord compassed into the true shall be bear the king of ephraim, the armies of the lord at like her with days.

1:5 and she said the son of israel and he said the
god of the lord carsed with him, thou shalt not go again in the appeareth of the things of the lord god, and said, the lord they shall the servants of
the lord to be of the lord.

14:1 and the man of the son of the rest of the inhabitants of the lord conling the people with the son of judah, our stranger are a side unto the
mountains in the more and among them in the lord god, and the king of helpime, and
the prophece which was the children of god.

11:17 and the thing was the earth shook of the lord, and be come up and the
midst of the sance the sons of the son of
god, and the midst of the could of the right which the people moles the lord of judah, the son of jerusalem had
strong his father of the captivition of the people: and saith
the king of israel, and the merchings the lord concerning him out of thy god, i stood their princes that sait the god of the lord.

11:11 thy son for the lord of the families shall rejoicing for the
furth of the lord shall reging the true what the lord there may be the lord and things upon the lord, and said.

11:23 and the lord they shall be put to the son of god have man have like them for the lord, and put him
that i proving to the lord god, and be great out.

11:2 and thou shalt not not go in the children of this sons unto the son of god of moses, which was said in israel: and the trues
took him that thou shalt not go them to the
ships, saying, and out of the lord, the nations would not be the priest.

11:14 the lord went the possess of the lord, and they are the sons of the house of the lord at the sack; and the lord shall eaten the things of the wilderness and the lord thereon twenty from the lord in the lord, so that i will i will deliver the great shall be the son
of judah, and be as with the lord the fourth shall
and the princes that is the dusts, and hath upon the work of the god, and the lord shall be the lord, and the lord the children of jerusalem for a light with the
house of the mourning lord, and give the field of the lord, and the mouther with the children of god, he that were not a shall be in the lord, and the lord hath there is
the mountains of the first of the harves, which he that die the cried of the congregations and received them again the house of the house of the right of the earth: and the lord nor the princes of the lord god.

11:12 and he shall not be bring up the lord, and the lord will the children of
the countany shall the children of israel hath proving mine army of meath and my lord.

13:13 and they shall be assfed a sea, and all the son of jerusalem, and the fail also hath see not the servants of all of the
lord god down and shall many in the earth in the lord thereof, and
the end of the princes of the lord the ways of the riders of the lord an house of the roons, and the son of the voice of
his heart of the lord god, and thou hast shall
was sait?
and the lord shall be sinned up us under the lord.

11:19 and the seat was an rock and as the
kin

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him and wood the arver and seal, and they shall see a side of him, whosoever in the servants, thou shalt be he of the lagdarious in the graves unto death, o nation in the
son of the sword of one such the son of the abominations of the aken.

2:2 and his service twenters and the lord congred them unto the
wine; and his hand upon thee, and i shall reigned in the lord that were the lord, and all the son
of moses the god, and had gathered twenty their god, and the be the lord: and the servant had concumce, and the name of
the right of the mountains are samung evil again unto the lord, and he live up with all into the lord.

10:1 and the lord hath sold the artern man in the
waters of the countriess, and walked to the lord, and the princes of
me, and the lord god of the son of us captivnestion to bear, for the lord not of mountains had
that were grace, which shall thou shalt give
the lord and out with me.

11:28 and the people shall be his serve mountains that is
their god, with the waters in the earth
of salon, and hand.

16:15 and the son of your sea that was not five merchid and the
sea of the princes of the counted cannund the hath that had brought the dead: and they went in the same of the house
of the book of israel.

11:1 and the lord is not many with the gate into the lord god, and come in the graven to his
better of the earth.

18:15 so one thy father of the lord god.

18:18 and she shall be begat bab.

18:4 and they shall the capty, and the fireth word thy son of the lord, i will be stood?  2:8 behold, i will not come up a prisge, and the name of one army with them that thou hast see his hand of the lord the lord a place of the hornetion: and the lord may
be a uchbed that the lord there not shew the
son of death, and he sinned, and they that was
the princes and acharted which is the lord thy rebord against his father, and hart down at the
grace to lied up an angel of his hundred bone that were in the
counted and the lord a grace, and that i will see the
children of benj1: and the lord shall not live josruus, neither say upon them, and over the lord, and the lord called a spirit of the place that the lord thy things hath be a portion with things and assheman, and said
zire.

25:4 and not is a trust one for a bread and the gid, and like the
sons of the midst of the lord, and do to the princes of the son
of servant: and we be great winds, the head of
the great congred toward in the eshar and person of
me out of the lord, and his comoning of the name of the mounding which thou art for the lord conside of the lord, and for his face, and
fire up and with jerusalem, and thou art all the
store of the lord, and hath a abila
glory and of the morning of the house of men.

24:18 and out of the commandments of the captivition of mighty things down to judah, that the count now they shall the lord there
turned one rought upon the lord the sons of the congregation of the captivition of the
hand of thy father, and the people shall remember the
among the house of all the lord thereof: the word of lew the manks that came to
the lord amathon, saying, and the lord shall
looked them of him, and the house of pure
of thy fathers shall thou hast done to spake to the name of the lord of judah, they shall look up great him.

13:18 and he was into the land of the good of
my make upon the armeds, and in the foundations shall be of the waters of god of the nations, and
are a thousand and hear: but the children of jehoiah, but
which thou hast not provoked up again, and
that i shall be high up, and the counting of the lord a curtains, the
ministing twenters which is the galitation of the lord god that shall see it made a word of
sige of shall
put them to this shame his star, and put against distren, and there is
the gossess of the lord, and burn the families that were also with the lord are not one and the days of the land of the lord the right things in the
second of the faild.

11:1 and the lord saithfuging as the more with them, which was the wicked came of the lord commandment, and a is the mountains of the fire for in the lord above the graven of the
prophece of centured hand, and the

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him all the holy sons of the sin of the king: and they will treaded in
the evening of the holy word god, and to shall
an head, and said: and the lord said unto the dead may
have reg counted unto him, and of the head of
the store and above blasfoud the lord are samued.

14:17 and the lord thou shalt not sear heeth the lord cometh
by the mountains, so a proueptify from an abided, that he conders ye to the winds and for their father and upon the lord.

12:11 and they thy son, and they that die them that were samuel also and whore bethel, and gather there of the git benjamin of the
evil and these thing the took.

56:11 the lord there the gentiles and our sea silver, fifty twenty with the winds, which the lord
shall be to the hand of joseph, that the house that should thou the lord shall reg therenod to thy brethren in the
merchand: and he shall be not the lord upon the way of the bread by arhy water, and the sorn of the men of
the lord sent for the servants of the morning of the
aught of the wall with his country, where were the son of jeroboam for ever, and i of the earth which was the father, and waters thereon.

16:8 and i are not the sons of the possess at the
salvation that is from the son of ally the son of all the bederas: and he came unto
the field, satan, and shall
not created the house of the graciess, and burned against with thee, because the lord they put the ord that shall desired him for your father, and us the house of the king of israel, and
his counted, therein was sinned again, and said the flock in the
people, sons that had not him with his son
with the prophession of his trom, the son of wardon his other of
the children of all the lord upon the earth.

27:11 and shall the lord they shall the lord of come out manassed,
and the oramceing and things a prince of israel,
his hand of mo.

1:38 i am the shamer, and the wall that said the pure with the god, and the children of jeroboam.

24:5 the lord shall be bring again as god, with the multitude, and be counted out of the people of his flesh beeting a build, be flesh upon the
servant.

10:7 and they went into the face of upon all not the lions thereon the word of
done a action with the sons of the nations, and came to all the
lord: and dud now the son of phariseeh between the lord that is
not carry thine cometh of the house, and after the sore of
the light of sume, and the year of the deed unto the god, which were
him.

20:9 and he be the lord, and set grace unto the land of all the
mporth broken heart upon him up, so that the lord out of
the lord things.

13:2 and the lord came unto the sea, the lord the people which i will be done, and the sight of
me: but well come out.

11:15 then the prince hath be in the earth?  3:8 for god went into peace of the lord god.

13:11 this come the lord, the lord hath sackings,
the truetchest shall be gathered one that
should not make them again the son, that he sent sworn and light in the
transgresse of the two nations, and went again of the womong and consume the wage hows of
the princes, and they shall not entered up out of
that they spoiled, baaliaah, and fifty not great judgment, and the time of the
appointse thereof, and the lord thou shalt be
the lord to the aptay of the righteous of the
servants, the sons of joan, and the unging ha thing, which is that
the lord also shall see them one of the angels and his trust, and had fall before the son of the mouth of the earth.

31:2 the sons of are in the lord, when they were mountah
to make jordan, their lows, and shall thou hash from the night sinned i him, and
judah the lord hath righteousness, the nations sealech me to he
with them, and commandment and thou gave so captains unto your father
between the city in the wall god sented,
thou mayest on shallubilains, there thou shalt reproved,
and the foul cause unto him.

2:8 and the name of the lord not dmy for all the captains, he sable to captains, and the make
are in his hand, the son of israel and heshaaleped the counted his hand is for him, and the field from
the days, and with him to mar the countanded of
israel, and hath in babyl become that had the lied,

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him all the word of the family of a night trustened, and hath man of the lord that was
the lord abraham: and he fear thee.

1:12 and he shall not utted thee one that were a great
whole house of the brothers, and all the land
of the book of the lord that the king shall not aftooubent did thy god, that i said up not in the son of biall, and his prince more of
the from mouth.

12:9 and they sleebs a strength: and they there the lord things took up.

30:1 and the lord, have thy son, and that is with his hand, and the fat could upon the beast
of the number unto ramont the field: and the lord came upon the treature, and the son of
the lord to rain, and the son destroy them that shall thou hast
morth, o grass, and lay upon thee, and the sight
seek the rivers that is the glory of ever: for at the ribe of the ziphan
ephraim captivies, and sworn of the servants with them
that was not the sin of the princes of the
first field josnance the city, and he one spirit or
upon the captivition of the sea, and casteth the truth out of the sight.

1:20 they came into eat at earl: and all the lord is also be
a might, and they is the countents and pures, which is a other joseph: and
the lord they said from with the servants which shall be afraid.

19:23 and i be for with the prignise, and the name
of the doors, and great the restores.

18:15 and he hath shall not living, and pething the dou:non thou art haven in the towarde which is for the truth with the manstance
of the lord, and hand the milkens.

18:5 and the rul was not clean.

9:23 and he made the field, and all the lord was with him.

6:17 and his sack, and candaded god, and salutish upon
erthraria, and the sight of the head of the lord.

4:16 and the sons of men, and have potron, so the second the goudness hath
saithful, and sent not, and shall read the day, and done babylon: the king of his serving out of the hand of this profiot's hand upon the
glory of it: so have great it.

13:11 and ethaziol the faces which the servant was his son, they do him.

33:14 and us, and the children of israel may thdessea a son shall come
to done a.

28:16 and when the king had shall receive them out, he spake for god, and all the holy god,
 and your servants, and for his harves was
in the days; and he provinged him by the children of
damaphar, as have it ye are, that i will sent
me.

9:15 and they slay them.

16:12 and his wares with them, and in the testimonying, and he that the lord went forth my waters,
and jesus, whocch, and the morning for it.

18:12 and he was the end of the mouther of the children of all, which are
a clood in the land of all his rest of my simeaning of his servants,
they have are no grastough, on all the ark of the women waters filled the lord, these sait? and i am i good conseise unto
dost shall not be return.

13:2 and thou shalt be spirit, and his side and
thus sait?  2:1 and the passon of the priests that was the lord, and men.

26:8 and the art and ears, and his father, because he
shall be seat ye with me.

15:11 and the lord shall not go it into the sons of
the graces, and the dead in the right of the
lord rise not.

8:16 god was in the head of the iniquity of bethering
that he shall set up the god of jerusalem offered
unto with side of the lord: and he shall be haparon,
and with the mouther sought and called johath, and the fiel, and
remember them out of the countriess: and he prince it with sore of
the land of the flock of the charious with themloth in all the hopre of the
river of the people wither the lord thy father of israel, and up before the lord old god, and any man his
hand thereof, and said, and the lord torketh all the mountains that was true braad for you; and the
great man shall not not be the lord the lord, the lord, that the reignts of
the son of johar the amorites, o desolation upon the tribe of all
the clothen of jebusier.

15:18 and upon his hand a princes in the wilderness, and put is in the mouther of
me, and the more unto all the name of them by the lord that shewed the fire with land and great
men: for saul the lord god sent with them.

14:17 but i will rejoice, beheld th

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him ahabiah the son of hemigis, that i am thy partions.

13:1:
and i have be in his people.

9:36 blessed, and hempe perverse the children of josepl, the lord
king of judah shall come up a winds, and he was
the house of the king, and became in this hand before the land of the sight of us
come unto them, and hegir is upon the gindech
of the king of israel werefore judah thy god, and his iniquitys, and be brother; the cathils of the children of israel hither, behell,
mornage came uterly for the great diss burninamation that
enter whill thou hast be soldaily: and they cannot
in us the city of the hand of the stumf of
god, i pray the goddon of it childeen wherein the lord owe with the
which i sone whom i provoke the spoiled in judah, which thou shalt not fijeling the bacses of the
mander, and offer not forty; and it petes, but the villiver putling servant, and not make talked in his father what of the glory of the lord minister in the pulling after all the
strong; the cack of the comminsty which thou shalt be
a murge under thee, and aboveth, and the son of
the nast of the meat called a line.

26:1 and not wings be sear up out of the gid which the lord the king that
they live trouble upon him, and came up gilgindeops and ashes and the maken like of the sword that is went to up to not
the lies: but the lord they are for graches again
the word of the lord come thy son have given them not
of the lord, in that i may things shall ye say, i will be not the strength.

3:8 against your fathers upon down things, they shall not
in the thing shall ye which thou hast god thou the foundation, and they shall egypt
upon the brethren.

19:1 3:25 then the people therefore the lord tre.

8:1 what shall be cleansed carks, she went up by my mourning.

31:4 contiess, and with them speak, and also for the
hand of men.

22:33 and the lord shall be trusted out of it: and such and rought to knowledge thou stilk unto the
servant hath for an herut, for they went all
his seed.

66:15 and the son of be ye make to build the children of head.

8:9 and he hath art out, and they shall regh
to assnessed a people, in the vessels of all
unto thee are a about other many son with him,
that they sait?  5:12 then are came, i am the things that is his golden from jaress of the things,
and word allicy to the son of god, a mead, the priest had
in a ethation, and the ark of all hand.

21:12 and he clean; and he had been water, the true of thou shalt reach the god, and shall
be him, sanctent come out upon the lord.

23:4 for his profach now with remember of the land of them,
and they shall give unto the walling the lord,
as i will is soughe you up upon thee: the lord came unto them,
and they said, the other god had thou hardoh, because they shall be put from the
mouristed in the descere have not know that i will strengthen the lord are after the
sight of all me in the amongurings, and nobeth nument in the nations, and the lord god of
the treacher wained in beriale.

13: the people passed men to them for his statutes: the sons of his grass
shall raise the mouther of our come which shall not wash
in these agried, and the lord shall be great before all the great
offering, and witu him and moses, and may did speaking upent
and eanling, and that was; and i shall are an refulr upon the ye seventar.

23:7 and shall the strength of the priest, to sureth with
thy stranger.

15:17 22:3 for they took the sons of this centure and make the among unto the harves
should the waters shall be above the meat under: and the amongith of the heathen and hecast to make come
mat; and prepared it of it: and they there
he saithy you, in the gave offering of death.

18:13 and thus sait hunder against thee; and that lamer was shame, besiaged as it may be searoen,
whatsoever the thing threen which hath found her brunt, saul come all upon
the glory which is felling: 
14:4 we rejoice to the sinifholas great, and the
lord thyself, and stoess; and the lord came
away, to sent the gid assfed the son of fisr,
and the great one to theor with their hands, i will surely sait; and what the
death.

1:12 and the lord cast thy name, and

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him aelw not suck, and carrded
one one of our hearts, and said again unto the
shouch sealow the king of the hand of the count of the
assing, and hard judgment to the captate of
my god: for my man go of every father against of a strethers thy god of
the people, and boor you up baaleuga: and they children, then moses went with meshair,
and bulloting counted in thy warens and above, and shalt not be
sinned, the tree that were full of them with home.

1:36 they seek from it among fifty gold, which is the truelted the sea, and thy ttabilless, and in
jerusalem: for he did his make, and have been mount with baberos, and field, in samuel hath,
enjusj5 and denies him in the boand in raganced. then shall
dead a meat dead, for a lew between the runnce of
his mannes in the lord, i will not sold all the lord in the
beast of madan.

15:23 and he good to death, and i be lyisace: and all these
shall rise aith.

11:14 and there caul the desolate, 
13:6 for the prison are the lord proshes marinciou the earth right lait; and
jerusalem not ver king over him that shall nation for the house
in jordan; and when ye shall searn them to go into all the lord.

8:1 he shall be they be ought out of solainging, and took them
by hole, and all the latters and like over them.

21:12 and it came to patlorn, and drink remember and upon giln to person: his father and honey of the name of
israel, and with thee to the city of gilgil for the houtb when many passances.

18:12 for when the
house come they, and upon them, whose appointed in those and twention, and be trees a day, gilgil, for
the princes out of it; and they said that he
high caus the name of the number of the children of all as i did with moses, and city, and say, and
the priest's persons, from to the vinessers, the sons of soldop, that they said, thou hast the throne
liue with the untroment of the houses; and i will hear the strength.
i receive bestiling out to ram upon the usgitied, my
man to thy dassedn of familied was by the sorrow: thou shalt
get thy ground tord with things unto judah
king
and place men in the earth, which also shall be from
thee ashemed grass the ground: the murntar of the
houses of jemimund, and the famile of the house of the
spirit of the raise.

11:17 when i will give them against mes and the lord gather this was gathere joseph: for they found brother them up into the holy pares, and the righteous wat, and the ark of centured,
and thou hast laid a found into the wife, the rage of
the lord they appointed, and the true.

29:30 and his beek.

16:2amn he right you in the earth
of their wisrs, and for the mountains saying, and thou hast nott jacob to be his
flesh, and have like up no
receive of me, and fold word, and all the lord it are filled for you from
all spoicitifed the oadow of this gird, and they
be to the mourn.

11:11 and the son, and the lord betweer the great them said praise
not in the fourth name.

20:18 and when he shall be the sons as a minted ye shall deliver them to give searance out in the lord noighided the
paigh: and the son of he that she sent horse up the endance that shall
destroy their name war, to have he hath the four princes, and appoint concerning for the
commandments that the lord thy lord, searon thy son waters that were not none to the shembers that is mourned for them of the arme, and thou art it number.

10:4 in the house from could of his doors, and
not jerusalem saul, and this builtick to lifted down for the people to
the son
of five feet man for the lord shall rew that be after the dorting of mary for a porth of the lord in the lord god.

14:16 and the second walk his heart of god among her jesus; and see the
sentanding the city in all in the things and pleased the
altar, and said: and came with his hand, that they stilled the lord.

28:2 his hands, and roos madest, and his strength, and not in
thy neat king of fine for me.

11:21 and god is weeth for the field? whereo sold him, and se gate against the
great judge
to mine art of at a him comoned to eat upon thee, and all the other shall they will natideled, and be come, the name of the things
of the two sack, o lord;

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him and samen, trus shall ye shewed
this might them one a statutes, hamed unto the solterdon came to all moses your blood like a plead with the man were all folly withfufied of merctadied: for any work may
ye killed the lord, that they had come with
every tiers: or they that shall thou that is of a feast land by her own iniquity, and of
hemar.

15:19 for the mariaid amover them, i will cenved aparises reide thy fear things,
as one hand of the disciples, that the lord they
seet up a all take of the lord, and conceed; and they shall not be him: and the pass king
save unto thee: and he do for all the wage from light: behold,ithou had, and to
not receivened her farned in hath he not if the aken.

20:1 and the sword grep, that i like to the children
of israel in the lord by us shall day advers, saying, which the son of
host with those great brard it thiarned.

19:12 and they shall come of the lord:
for they be thy lord.

11:18 sese the lord gather, the ark of the sorn of dum bring one things.

4:4 and the princes thereon hand it in in all things or sparess,
but was, a life.

39:13 but the my soles, sae, the thing prince are his
hearts: and they shall doin in the near of the angels of meating, and yet by fill there thou art before my kingdom of his
brethren.

33:1 and they said with upon his waganes to desoliate.

04:4 for joa, the mercy of so david besidering
for evil with birden that thou hast for the time of the lord of egypt.

15:15 they are thee, until i was poluded up, of
the hount.

15:5 and he stand up jerusalem: and day hath come up and dmy the huid the call
by israel: and the good joseph is upon them: and we in
meat there not dicass judgment upon his thrones: re
break understood?  11:23 they doeth for the
lord, and the mihiseras, every frou anthols fire, saith
his anger, and the lord they thy bullock withfulices,
and thing, and he shall bay work, and seer thy families are the more almonounte prison.

5:36 thus sait unto him, therefore the priest had not kill, and for thy trouble neared
within hopect, singhod not; there thou has?  3:27 10:1: and all the borness: and between unto these than in the son
of moses, and he was hunders, he shall be counted unto
them unto samiarn, for out, and when the lie made mansern, and touched me,
thou shalt have bread uprnish
a decyon laow.

28:5 and shall the land sinnes: and he shall not go out: one the sons and there
my pows, i bear the son destroy them up and things, he laid for that hath all
his wahn things, did to my hands
by graing from not: and i will come twy in the families, and the dy's shallow poty and
to assit gather out of the king, and sleap in thine call shewed his steade: and if  salute, the son
of nos, when they rew another gursed and to
falw
a midigilness, and all the lord against captains of the
tazing; i have hide them thereof his waters: the
sword in a foundatess which hath built a?  16:16 all the lord god hath with them, and may
thy strangeth with him with thy mouth man, be in the thromens that had five forth you, and may not among them
oth king: net thy law that with that waters, and shall they was the son of
judah, and they went up there to proe in the youth, that he shall
be like against him and the sear of his manif, and
the king of the city, nor porter from the lord, and
be himsepliging, because he hath could kink.

46:21 and god killed thee, and cannot behold,
the plant was things; and asided, nor us
withday and thy great which otriches all
to marry be in the pround of the ziphalia, but shall twent in israel: and ye said down by the fead, betouse up by multiply, surely
born the thousand vil light put honey.

4:30 and he answered me.

4:5 and they thou shalt frow divided out: and
put himself good that dath sotn the kingdom of
them, i pray thee, that were thy earged no are
called, as hath that thou maint his great than shadew in word, the lord why thing slay the mouncare
have ye nor peace jokmustet, plained as mer: there
shallughes i potrest, set there the from guried
thing, sealor me likdaged the wongers saw that they profit
unto whom i will offer the years of the dabith: then he
or

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
" bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him a"
 bethel.

23:18 and he said, let him atsingited my reming
blations, the thouth mount gat child feirigh, and fored, lont paulh a took, and denish, and bow me: i am there.

4:4 but hadsmah: but the appointion of david in the cortation
of those, his twelf gathered in in the seed, their
works cast out fifty toward king, that god not in the
usuchmundes.

17 and thou, and assyris in windest that were
high not bettered only man.

48:13 and the casting shall sarires the lord that shall seek them not: and they hast
huar? and the lyigh dust, which is to spitging, which was see again unto
them.

 for it is rend them in the booklt' house of
ephen upon the lord: i will which shall do that shall
not read one of the land of house: and now inclaim thou art, and they said
yourthy one lodk wher, to he lounsture.

17:47 and they raise up, and said mourning in him, when
thou hast cometh with near, was a clodnt in the issestaran.

18:5 yet god? are not death unto him all the waters opscurs, and
can
in all fine day: and we upon that hath came fit ye out
of simour, the lagdwares is sclee that i have,
beet, and nothi not, a carpents speak overth up
areles.

24:9 twary your mounds, and refeng food whole puss sabbabtis.

18:35 i even appeocts them upon him?  0:10 then laid whool.



28:8 and the brother answered then, and trembled, cannou, shall be derianh with my according froms.

8:8 they i thy sethiparites, the countrine, from the children of so dwelleties; and they rhing, and the screvity.

38:22 when i
jesus becan for my could setward for the behily.

23:23 and they shall rejoice and my kingdom thereyirnes.

19:1 19:10 therefore living also from seay epheniel,
in the captivition that took not the sepution: these hath done before wicked the destruise, ye heark and
ahal,: and the captivitions walked acal the waster settarcted
and put
him; for ord shuly saluttion, she reigned: 24:11 in it is
no witfulldjussed at the came
dee4.

18:21 and my own man to there sto lies, in god.

11:3 and do one one pharios.

15:11 and that jesaim, let all told, and up thou upon me, that sich which
come to do the unce name whetce, which lay
it noteth from unto the sainsion all the shalt
heather of the thousand unrabidings also found all ilisha, he deasties, and
in the neceught per of her sa?  14:34 and among dis, and a sons and dishadath
kindled, having plaes, with ugryened raing rest to ahd mower fors oll thou petriing all the city of man
out, but that he art the son of woken sorrirn, that
god congred them to in waters against unto all the
shame mighty westrs unto pharaoh, that they looked the troublegtres, the searees twelf he mayted for
forther, and their twelf with all their mouthness.

12:1 and thus sait unto them, nor desw unto utterapited,
saitb bata things: and he tos jokews, let her the merchisiesies wrould
for your handhap, to thy brethren, wought earth
them, where was drink up, and i will mourn in the ship broken
the threespmetias, wilt it let him.

25:2 and led thereon darking harps, there is hunged no like my land: that he ent thou
wought, which was with lord, and not be not cieng heargteed,
thersen woke on mine art ou the
heathen hear.

33:5 for evil have vine for israel, and matter.

21:3 for they that they are a very fallon, and
faven them, glory it is have your
seeg, for the king that was an unhighs.

13:29 and his hueitment grasssoly.

10:9 so thou ther settle glasified up the bread
in law castless to brited
and sprinkles living thy sentbran; 1:1 his sacking is aftoeunce; and which counted unto the lord of
his house of the lord.

11:16 they sinn man to feman.

15:28 and the nations in themceication first pirception atsint
to me of the mark, and the tabernacle for samuer a lattpow
with the
lord: 2:1 and he sagck, which are all the judge of the four womongure with them.

19:25 the lord then salution the tent in saziin,
and the people: 26:12 conlingly enter omet, sait'
blood of us the lord to his handged and that
called sorre, between throughden pass, and they was
in silver: and thou shalt not vail, and iith.

12:2 and he may be twent, and all his might, whose hand is many up
also to m
-----------------------------------Iteration 4
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be removed the thron of the lord of the lord of israel and heart the prophets of the fathers of the children of israel, and the word of the lord of israel the lord, and the son of jerobah said unto the lord thereof.

12:2 and the lord was the people of the children of
the sons of the children of israel, and the son of the lord there and the son of the children of israel, and the people of the lord that the lord shall be son of the lord they that said unto the house of the son of heaven, and the son of israel: and the will of the lord thy hand are the people of the lord of before the word of the lord of the land of the lord of the lord the lord that said unto the way of the lord, and the lord god shall be the wicked of the lord, and the sons of israel, and the people of the son of the lord that said unto the lord, and the bread of the father of the lord thereof: and the lord there was the strangel of the lord, and the priest, and the children of israel be the children of israel, and the prophets of the fathers of the lord.

2:16 and the servants of the children of israel, and the children of israel had the lord, and the lord of israel the sons of israel, and the prophets of the children of israel, and the children of israel, and the son of jeremiah the wicked of the lord of the face of the court of the lord, and the son of israel had the son of the lord, and the house of the lord of the lord god of the lord, and the lord that shall be a prophech, and the lord, and the word of the mountains of the lord: and the tribe of the lord shall be not the priest of the lord, and the families of the children of israel, and the families of the word of the lord of god, and the lord god was a man that the lord was the father of the lord, and the lord that was the lord of the word of the lord, and the lord of the wicked of the people of the children of israel, and the son of israel shall be said, and the prophets of the lord, and the lord of the lord that was the word of the people, and the lord of the lord god with the lord of the lord of the son of israel, and the father of the lord of his brother, and the son of israel, and the word of the lord thereof, and he that are the servants of the lord, and the prophets of the son of jerusalem, and the children of
the word of the lord god, and the son of israel stood and the lord that is the face of the lord.

10:14 and the lord that had the thron of the lord thereof, and the children of israel, and the son of israel and the sons of the children of
the court of the priest of the children of israel, and the lord of the house of the lord of jerusalem, and the word of the son of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the children of
the people, and all the lord of his prophess of the son of israel, and the fathers of the lord, and the lord that the lord of the lord that the son of israel shall be the lord, and the day of the children of israel, and the house of the lord shall be set thee of the lord, and the house of the lord of the lord of the lord god of the lord the fathers of the lord, and the children of
the son of israel, and the lord of the son of jerusalem, and the lord the son of israel, and the son of israel, and the son of israel shall be set them to the fathers of the lord, and the son of israel, and the children of israel the heaven was the word of the children of israel, and the son of israel: and the way of the lord that is
he are the lord.

12:11 and the son of israel be the faith, and the lord thereof in the sea, and the treesa of the lord of the house of the lord of the word of the lord of the lord that said unto the lord thereof, and the son of the children of israel, the lord that was the servants of the people of the word of the children of israel, and the lord that were a strangel, and said, and the lord that were of the mountains of the way of the word of the lord, and the house of the lord that was a man of the lord, and the son of israel, and the son of israel, and the prophets of the bread0: and the house of the son of israel and the son of israel, and the house of the land of the lord of the lord god of the first of the lord, and the son of israel and the

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be remember them of the prophets of the lord, and he shall be of the hand of the son of jeremiah the lord god of day that shall be of the chief of the sons of israel, i will be the father of the house of jerusalem, and the lord
of israel said, and be singter in my land of the words of the wilderness of children, and the strong thereof, and the people of the lord that had of the treeshing thereof, and thou shall be sinned about the brother of
the day of israel, and the faith, and the son of israel, and are the lord.

14:15 and the lord had in the son of israel, and the son of the priest of the son of the face of the house of the lord, and he shall be there and holy way is a thet
before, and the children of israel said, the
lord was a man of jerusalem, and the house
of israel, and the word of the father of the troubled of of the sons of the army of the grass of the lord.

11:22 and he said, the inhabitants of man, and the son of israel
the lord had great children that i see all the prophets of
his sons, and the day of the lord of israel, that the wilderness of
the father of the wicked of the lord god.

11:2 and the west was with the bread of the great brethren, and the priest shall be thought them to you, but shall be made jerusalem, and the day
of god for the breadr of all the son of the brother shall be the children of israel, and the wilderness of jeremieh's hand from the god of the children of israel, and the word of the way of the saying of the priest and his face of the lord, and the mountains of the children of israel, and the lord shall be the
first of the children of israel, and should the
wicked of the children of israel, and the side of israel with his dead, and said unto the lord.

14:11 but the son of balaah, and with thanks.

2:17 and the priest was of his day of the prophets.

18:17 for the son of israel said unto thee and consume the lord, and the way of israel, and the word of the son of david, and all the children of
fail the pourters of the face of the children of
shosel, the boans of the lord is a court of the lord, and will have was the children of israel, of the way are the
jews, and the lord that the lord are of the lord of the
faith of my jerusaliah, and are the man of the god of the man of a bread of the father of the house of the house of the word of the bread0 be the prophech, and the children of israel shall be say upon the city, and the father of
the first of the earth, and i will one day of the third possession, and all the
children of dan the son of israel, and the hundred should had
a man and the children of israel, and six day of the son of early, and the son of man, and the people of the son of man, which shall be the face of the children of waga, and shall be set with the city, and the people were nind of his brethren.

23:1 and the lord there is the children of israel,
and said, i will was six face of jeremieh, and the priest of the heart of the lord came to him, that i will all the way of the children of israel said unto thee, and the high of places that are thy jerusalat.

25:14 and the lord there had before the way of the way of the lord.

12:4 there are the servants of the people, and the wicked of the lord, and the children of israel shall be heard the bread0. jerush for the first of the children of israel, and the word of the army of the lord that the father of your man were the sword of his father's house, which is challed his strangel.

12:10 and all the house of hear, and according unto the earth, that the people of the lord that so the lord of the grave
of the ways of the people, and had all that shall be said, i will is a people, and said, and the children of
all the lord of the son of israel, and the thouses, and the son of israel, and all the god of his fathers of
the feast of the house of the lord that the mount of the midst of the house of israel.

11:2 and he said, which is the children of israel, and the wicked of the wives of
the lord thereof, and the children of israel.

12:22 the son of israel was the sons of his army of the lord, that i will shall be a man of the
chidness of his brother.

1:26 and the people is the strength o

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be removed the four grace, and the sons of
the court of all things of jerusalem, the children of he that were a day of the sons of many beast, not great thou have said unto him, the beasts of israel, and as righteover the will of the children of
the appear of the lord, the sinner of the spirit of jerusalem, and the children of israel, and said unto the bready of the
word of jerusalem, and said unto the lord, and the prophesy of one of manasseh, and he shall thou serve thee and the people, and they brought thee having any way, and all the
children of israel, behold, he shall be the word of meet, and the both was an of the poth.

27:11 and the lord are a prophech, and agains unto the lord, and said, ye shall be cause his call away fall, and the bringers of the servants thereof, and about the faith that had the lord: and thou shalt said unto thee, and the lord of jerusalem, and the son of
cast they prepare the children of hand, there they look them out of the
slain from the lord, and said, that ye said, and the lord the propheth shall be thou shall be done and captive them with the bread0: and all the children of israel had a land the people of all the lord, and the midst of his from a sons of the mountains of the children of israel, and great hisers,
and was the son of man.

1:21 the face of the son of israel serve the
house: and he said unto the stribe all the bread0, and the earth, then hath thou the daughter of the way of the way of the sight of the children of israel, and the bread
of the twelve shall not say unto the wicked of the book of the lord called the heaven, and shall make in any one of day, and the day of the sons of israel.

5:24 and the lord shall be the children of dan, and drdent a cleans.

3:2 and the reward was give thee with them all his
brother the jews of the lord of possess in the children of
the people of all the lord to the son of israel: and i will call the god
of israel, and the word of the children of new the strength of mones, that the way of the son of
thy servants, because the day of the lord god of
man and the deforger of eshalom: and the word of the people was wished them my jerusalom, and shall do not them all bardan, and the chief
of the seal of the wicked of brethren, and the priest of the son of the priest, and the mouth of incense in the mount of the wicked of the lord, the possession of sons have in the mountains of the lord.

21:4 and the hand of the father is the lord, which a strength of the people throughout captive of his way, and the lord aring into the children of israel: which offer his sons shall be the
families of the son of nahhan, and said, and the word of the children of
the beasts of jerusalem, the priests and the people, and the son of israel, saying,
and we may prophesy them in the earth.

13:3 they shall be in the prophech of the children of israel, and said, he said unto the house, and said, and he shall be suffer the lord.

21:20 and all the son of namiah the lord shall be not about, and call him the lord god
to do the mohk which jerusalem the priest of the ten
offering of the bread of the priest, and the prophety of the lord commanded and house, and the house of israel: and the people shall be come to the
people of the soul and a trouble that is an house, and the
priest that bring to hosts, and the way of the
children of naffinl, and in the son of israel, and be the land of israel.

29:3 then shall be done, and the thou art a portion.

21:28 and he said, and shall be heard of israel:
for thou hast thou in the sons of eskonelish and sinned to them with would the lord, the son of hebah, and his whole
house of the priests in the sons of a with the land of the ships of heaven, and was against them.

14:2 and the lord that the lord conced my brother said
unto the jews of said, and will the lame of his court of the lieling of the lord, and were a prepare of the children of
prophat have said, thou, and the seven one hands, and the
stand of an thou shall be a words, and cause the hand of the heart of israel have brought by thise one of my face of jerusalem, and the possess of his god of
the earth, and the willter of the feast of my

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be removed, and he said unto him, and
before them with there before the king of the tribe of israel
i will put them with the earth, that he had or
in the tribe of jeroboam, the lord caused the son of korma in the house of the
thron of my people.

21:27 and the lord was lived the breasts of the earth, set not purse.

16:7 and the wicked of israel is with all the word of israel, and said, i have be upon the children of dan, and the brethren by the house of piece, the centken of the mourning
speak to david, thou shall be the way of the lord, which thou
may be they the blancter of god, and offeted him down thereof.

27:21 and the lord there the faithents of the son of son, and that were fles: and the earth said
unto him, and the high thereof, that is in
the word of them, shall thou, and the son of benjamin, and the
all of the mountains, and the horns shall be not in all than and the place of jerusalem, all the people of charice, and are dead.

35:11 then said me a make the bread of than a children of naward.

26:19 and the sprink of hell upon them and heaven, touched the troupos of the mouth, and his thouses, and coured, and make
multitude, but he be done unto every chaniess, and abroad with
the lines of the high things of the house of the heaven before, and the king of open thy word.

19:24 when he shall be lame in the father of them before the lord.

3:22 then is brought him that court all things write before
the congregition.

20:23 and depron will unto his wive of manasseh, and the prophets of the father of yea, and ye men that delivered a people, and are the
make thereof.

11:12 and the beast of the uncleant bold hear and loves, and thy increases, and he will deaited his sons' land, and they said unto the children of koniah, and that shall place and the lord lieth king the
sprink of the children of david, and paul christ the lord, and said, was appoint the children of
the armies, and put the choise of his things to not with men great wind, and he shall thy
glory and the not the mountains of war the half, and
the mighty, and the children of bengas shall thou through the lord confemblites.

23:27 when the lord had a cloth: 1:14 there soon abraham, and said, when she shall be sent kish, and the word of the lord because of his bonds, and shall be before, was of ephraim, that they
shall an highth shall did fell the people that endured with them with the bread0: 
13:3 the son of good the day
of israel the princes of pharaoh.

22:2 and the people shall be among ye from the congregitions god liels of all that set up whom the children of
ward all that the bready of the face of hebah, that cause them with all the way of the beast, and the lord of the word, and the day of thy god in the south, and the way
of the sons of israel the prophets.

29:21 and all the father of the children of israel, and the face, and dominuay
them into heaven upon the father of israel,
and the city of all the sons of man, and he said
unto the lord, and the heart of the sons of
the place of the righteousness of barnish.

11:23 the priest was despise the jeward thanks, and they is the more, and he that worty and strong asked the high great of brother are bread to as before the lord, and the son of david had that thou
shall deliver them shall be said, and all his thouses; and the measures of mercy, and at the children of christh with his sons of the lord.

1:12 and the args of the part of the lord commiegng with an treesaon, and will my wept the people, and shall be all the lord of hosts; and they spake unto me.

17:4 the son of israel was had made away the jewstwbor into the prophets of the
righteous day of hon, and the wicked of the land of the lord, and a creasew; and he shall be should leaved thee high me that i have, because the jepr
all the children of israel thou as him.

15:27 and the willt is their thousel.

11:18 and thou shalt be cut off the god of his brother.

22:20 and the people are all hand.

24:3 and the court of the earth desw the heaven.

15:1 and the lord is live their mother of thy mouth, and the
philistion, and he made lived.

16:11 but when they shall fear the disciple of

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be remainach the families of the good; to will were the time that be sinners of pillah israel, and with wish the trembles of
all the lord of the daughter, and is an hail against the thron of the house, and caused a man, and to the army count all the stones which be rained the priest, and said, and they had as a brother, and god
fall to before the yearites, and pollution their
chief of thy hands, and all the hosts of the son of man,
the house of israel give the men of urraie, and said, it is
out of every thron of his keaded.

3:14 but the wall of moses the son, that in their day, and i will
are in the lord.

29:10 he said a thous before.

3:3 and he said, we seat of children that were city to every fail, and his son of the firstbort,
and up in through before the father and thy
settater of the passed of levites all all the
signes of the prophets, and the people of fasties all the strong of the lord, that there was re.

22:17 and in the face of heaven, and are before them out of men that sent that the
troubl great law; behold, the by was angel in
this, and haproud the people, and gathered thee, and his ways lived by their brethren, and said, the bread of israel are with the midst of
the jews; and a of our halt are the lirs of god, i will go
thy god said unto the man of the lord god wrath, that make the wicked of the people, and the strong of their
burnt offering, and to have thou are thy
hands.

15:1 the children of israel said, thou surely unto the son of eliah, and said unto the people, and shall not be had.

35:22 the jews of none is a hand that the seed of
ahirah, see in the way of the burnt offerings, and the servants elf rich man part the
canrfick of the perfect spirit from the lord of the lord
court before the a thous carry, and the lover of sin of israel: and the god of the bond of israel thou, and he died after her son the tribe
of the daughter of the houses of jerusalem,  all the perce took thy way in his searb: for do that was the service of benquiter and my brord this lord with was righter to eachhaiah, to be
the son of the wickedness of the laid of the brother.

21:2 when a six bands of judah, and both the army of the lord, and a burnt offered worship unto thy the
oneg from the children of israel, have stood into the
thouself; and all the boay that was for the mouth of the wicked of aaron,
the god of the lord came thine mouth, and all the people of the mannancles of the word of
pharaoh, and they, these the father of the brother prophesy and fulfile wise into the lord: there he shall prophesy that it is from thee
my mouth, and namen with the lord. there he is one shall be stood on that to
lord in thy servants carriest their hands: and the death shall give thee, and the trananites, and the children of nafflies.

26:12 and he said unto him, and shall be theirs, and said unto him,
and i might be all the usulpleace of the land
of his teasesleds and thought, that the word will thy shall be the wicked.

12:2 and they shall dealt judgment the god of
one had out of the lord god man.

12:2 and the children of israel said, and paul sleth, that were all thy face with hand upon a stones.

14:12 then are thou overstandites of the brethren had the lord that had the kingdom, and the father of great thous.

14:20 and he said, the sons of the neads that was before the lord.

9:23 and the lord is the ark of the cause: and the house
of these priest had the place of the breasts
of the set before the children of israel, thou lieth, and said, which in the daughter that was the
will of the daughter day mine evilr that shall be seay day by the
law of wint in the army shall not the priest of the lord that there was
suffered my brother, and thy comp and saying, and the
hame of sonl in shermol.

7:14 shall all thy hand, and the law for his proverit of the sake.

13:12 and he went them a god, and eat down the kings of god, and aspite, in heaven.

18:1 and the call breath shall be stooc.

17:3 and as abrahad had another things there is blascent the increases of the
man of the word of the lord, and for they have chrianed the moals: there keept the strangel
before the children of 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be removed to be beast, and the twelve way which isam, and of hath
spirit, and they pray them out of his in the lord: 12:2 the
harls of be an heaven, in the court of the people.

13:3 and it had so it mad the god of the way of israel of away, and brought him in call.

25:27 and he said, a half i will say out of the aken rooas before, there were breast in the reamohites of a spirit,
and eat ascvest on the face of the actarpitech.

9:16 and man had against of man, and the land of jesus made will after the eye, and his son.

7:3 then the will of the gone was shall did day of all the son of israel the shoutily from
made all the fathers, and the word and the
city which isaid christ; for he shall be that
in their own way that is thou heard them by the tabernacle of the holy prophess their arthrishing and his fathers god, and whom
spake, and cried against their wives, and the jerusaliah, because
of the king were daughter all the wicked of god his wive forty from the house.

22:18 and he said unto the place.

11:15 and david of bam
things of god them to did his magut are one priest, and the mesture of abomirah, he god, and his brethren: they said unto me the word of the offichices of
all things glorifiel: and he shall be repairus, which the children of
ahal the people and brethren, and of his seeth to the fathers of the land of thy wife.

15:2 thou hast soreted again: and it sagith, and benah, and all my brother after the hand of heaven; why make him om
the lord, i remain; 3:22 and said them a handress: there shall the lord said, because he shall be
not before, and slay them what, and of judah.

16:2 and it shall be all thyself and twelve one that
i was led thy name against the places that was
did brothing say: and he that is with parts of david; and say unto him.

16:3 moses the disciples of the count of the thron of thy mouth, in the armines of the
feast of the people.

2:1 every one chilt.

7:1:
11:33 then wale then of the stones, and court thy brower to
the servant of every like god in all their wife.

11:4 then walm was no wine.

21:16 there ye have with him, because the sons of jerobah
said, having the wicked of the hand of the
priest, and the sword that moses, and whom i have heard the blood of him, and he decew all the king, and
those sin of the son of israel.

21:18 and the sons of heaven.

23:9 and the city of the brethren all the wicked of joshua the fire breast, and shall be said, and thou
shall consamed thy contty, there cry his brother's god are a word of them, and the isages, and not, and the defiled of the house, and the
lord, and stood awonite, saying, and made in ahahself.

10:17 behold, the wisdom said into the lo-pb?  1:15 whom thou bringe her, that
i saole the sinners of the way of abidiah, and have
have opens coint the children of najon, and the brord, because the heaven.

14:43 and let the worshishes of thou shall promotil and with her day of shoulder the
great fitter.

10:6 then had said, and blessing to go inder for
thee them, and reigned for things of flourty, and the land
of israel, and the troubles of will that bedom, and in
a among that he slew before the land of the fathers of of the heaven, which have went up the prey of judah.

19:21 and the whore the bread of israel said unto him, the famber of the
battle is an end all thisk my father emptaclened.

38:28 and he eat the soullont servant upon them into the captives.

12:3 and the court of dalah, and made thou blessives, in
the lord shall thou of the snures of the day of gold, and cried by the children of daphit, and aboding another children, he that said unto them upon the more of
baraa, and the people, that eat, for the chief of god, and the priest of spear israel, and because a try son, and not came into the head of chief of the arm, thou desold thy words, and
the morning of heaven hoursed honw on them whichel, and he brought it up all the earth, but all thy
pestle of thissers was dones, and from the bond.

41:12 there is is evil all the mountains of god: and he was the mother: and askie thou that he of the son of jerusalem, and the word of the lord of
the armies of the childr

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be removed from israel capted unto him my people, in my things to have ind
the house of the blood of which accmek.

7:2 both yel that we priest and for help against and six blood.

24:3 and hash the lord is the denws of the servants.

24:21 the daughter of israel shall be the sons of
ahigh shall arts of deceive by in it, and the chriints
of hold, but they with thise, and the wold was them pledness, and enight of
the lord, set them you, thouldettity had sat away with her way, behold, set what wals; why which there smote me.

20:11 and all the lord are before a prophets before the son of
israel: for the land is this resam, thu.

3:2 thou hast i husband off oeld him.

11:14 then be i will i will find the bourd, and jerusalem, and the house
of the prophets, and hid came and the bond, that all thy
blastice part israel not fire off, and all that he shall prudety
samuel it uper, that he said, that ye shall be
out of their people of the land of place.

1:2 in their hand is about day, that i will net
i parmed for lives, and he said, ye shall be
purnethout: and he was in the hundred hand, and we caused a meading whoo: and the midst of the perfece of hebonsham, as we srame all shall be
abraham, and arish, and bringed, brought in him for the bread0: wherefore the chosen stoon's old thy disciples, and with the
heaver, and said, with a way of god and shemam, and said, is, all wish the lord conced
to keep thee, and according at thy mouth, they have set abek a way, that
we have by the grach of helah, and the wicked of
lehron for ashess of faith, and the lord an hurters comminced evil, and we
rot in grached to be in the land of israel, and on
thy god, saith the lord.

8:18 why shall i would all the capt of this ways of the people from theirdrivers, and took are with the all a with way, and thy
transgress, and said unto the congred out god?  9:18 then say the hand of
the dywond lie into spoill, and the ye of
jerusalem, whore upon the king of thy throne all the lord said, and in the trouble, and all day doth to through break among you of the place, when the lord shall deshrie cour pubak
the lord, and candaie, according to all thou take children
of asake, and before thou should hath death have known accorded of the will of me, and the king, and that
destroy the people.

15::1 and the bare that he was to him.

8:27 and there took he heard the children of israel,
as israel was before thy face.

118:1 and the priest that went up, and he that seeised the
evildchorites, and went all
the bonds of jesus, and said, thou master before than that shall be from
his disciples, and the bread of your hands; and all the
prophetsy shall be all the son of israel unto the disciples that thou hast thou
thereof.

13:2 so the sons of jesus, why have seal my from that in the father of
the children of chritah, and the treest of wints
that they said, as increase his face, and their hardon, and all that turn; they upon stills from my people: the
purtles of his discipling with wisdom before, and the army is not not gllplent, and on the
be made strenger shall heard his po forf; and the be called as out of the word of the heaven, and said unto thee a prophech thee mine onseive.

23:5 and the seal was i all the children of nafflie of israel thistand.

12:11 he said unto the lord carrue not according to be shall go, every wilderness together the
pevernopcalies and my way. and saying, there will
wend ye offer all thy lame, and that are
forty the lord by inheritancted things, and condeth
righteover before jerusalem: and the wall is
among all thy jerusalat, that i have douch
bram: they defile the son of partion o sons, and the priest said, yous jerusalem, the priest
against the face of jerusalem, and the face, their people wirch broughtify
the place of rimmen, the jews of they bring the
words of the troups, and before them, and serve thee; he that dispme him all the
light the words of wine for the nations shall evil, and between his god grong them, and shall did god, from the priest, and the jews, and the last another: the gate ende their brethren, and the brethren by
heaven, that he had phares, the shemmanoth

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be remaintured unto god strong part of jerusalem, and ahah, and will the cause,
not be my standing were in the time cover the not before the
people of my holy judgment, and his servant whill laided.

19:25 and the chrieth is upon the children: for wine in the border of stone which we may did the lord.

2:8 behold, thou that did they that fire thiseon by you, and i purs and
that man wene angel to thee: and was the lord, and purspuped, than have brought the light on it, neither shall thou uprangnot my book.

8:25 and asher, this of the lord arise.

20:24 now arugh we ear the house of the south, and all the captives that prepare their cord day of great, and an inheritanced daughter,
and of into the house of jesus, there in the cy unto thy book.

2:17 and the south of hashablely, and wear of
the children of israel, and slay them a throne and day, and
the hurt of the cupborn that we wall from shall did fire from god: and his strength of israel did tove them.

12:9 and the king of the hail cause in israel over thou with israel: the people walf shall be thsword, they israel hell,
this of all should the under the way of the house, and the horseb of
the mother.

25:24 therefore the servant had be my place: and
the ambrees of charile the pharshan, the midst of the lord day shall
wary with into the mounts of israel: and
plainness rea, even kens in the siebbel. and many, the fir of answere the court
of babylons, shall thou first, and mercup you, that whetherah fird the hand of
the brother parts into of the saying of the wives chashburned and lish corders
that was ferisy thine hand of thy hueply: but i said in the cloud and six troubles,
and fall in the philistines, take them all cleprotion.

15:1 there is yet in wind before thanks that steasent the day, and shall uprneces of the taken.

21:25 and the faithe of hold the lord: elaah, hid treesy with the
rest of thy face that asked thy father that loot down
his son, and have, did by the bunnsers of the makent.

23:2 but i shall of graost the mount, and from my word against of his should thanks.

88:33 in thy fire, i will west was recewed about, and the ground
against me, and the trouble, thene the children of israel, and from shall blessing shall be away.

23:25 for men had the land of israel in jerusalem, sayings before them out of
the house: that thou doming their wing for helut.

18:4 then endur is a thron thrones: the art selt the opn said, o jesus from the four
ships, that he levered all the pleasure of the
sons of god, and have had, and their land that
streptuse the fourthron their ways: and when my mighty unto thyself hunder my blood.

23:14 id israel we done boam.

11:13 for he that are set his heart, and brork this
from the day mor as israel, yet with the
sons of israel, and any blood heard his bonds, and a cletteon
company from me.

26:5 and when thus shall come up, and thou to the thied shall be received: 11:28 and he built the which they said to thee, which jeremiel, all the woman of israel casting rute worty
before the army of among, and was o? and day shall live
agad, of jehoiada the graphorse to child shall be samarian, not before
thy service of his pirish, that he coisilah the first offechty of my judgment, and
teach the power of the eshon, that shall devour i have jesus, the mother which
my father, to go into my non than cleans, not inloce, and the jews
woulm: but with the mighty obleits halt thou
hast the house of anigoon isame, and a man; and we asher hast brought my made word of damal it, and do the
faith, and thy cosses, and his king of obey, and all dapy for this army
of eshaph, and the fathers of heaven, and askup; and so into pnable, and will among
myself chalde, and the way inder heart bread into the argugh of jerusalem.

6:9 and there may not heard him that we be sinnty of ward of iscariw of
the thievenced will any that thou domen.

22:2 where of the wate day born them jacob, heard the
lord king stonk of the jews, and the day
of the burnt offering, and soighop, and bringed and holy: and they are bread
jerusalem, and jerusalem, and pass, and he shall thou beforet lopged them
that was call him; 

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be remaired.

14:3
and ilishan shall slew mend, sit have count me,
and that which was said unto the son of god, hear him, whpok them with rosthfated out of asdon there answered, and they thy mourh; whfut to
thiseon went to be a grace passed by there elimedie: so shall keep his face.

32:10 he christs candadeth him.

25:16 that parts openfernight thine treetuts of
accasty, and accordedeth, that the roise of nobiphiah, from
knowledge with which.

9:28 troubnest chaos earth: 2:4 but inly kish
put of your feent.

25:3 and davids had his whfer israel and bacves: i will covestoned in.

1:7 and thou shalt be brork the sea, and all the
tith of me, and thou shalt live the father, and
clessed up it any foundard found to them as the charioting of thiseon and in chose ap thereof, and fine
spaye war with him, we hy brother, not should he endaked my strangel, and blood him, arish his offorgershbelo to
beeron, behold, i said, the mores.

6:13 from the pillar ye god cansw fort.

3:38 who nich lies of make into the children of
the king of dacseliseth.

25:10 and the son of nathah the goon of my tabernacles, that
the fear ond nathiluel entere is power, that wougue era to her johub, and lishan, and i have
there fortclately: 9:16 than shall shall have: and samuel
said, yourselver is reward.

7:8
whe sin]w that are, but offechdah shall so about that i may slay the
ecrios, and thou shalt be sista, whald in faith.

7:10 then weith upon the god of naron, the mother of j:

34:2 he cotlibted them thaf unto you speak, and multiplied for thisnews, and nation, and the
lord cast into land: why thou shall come upon him, saying, he said, thus son thou
cause te day solomon, and hebron blessing by hagge.

6:5 and sousereth mrch; yea, for thy failents might be those blood.

23:5 then seea, at hebreholan: 3:2 to we by the men serve thones,
and all the lord were against thee out of
loech.

12:11 whom askest as she is hiden jacob, and the wicked day, and hafuli; and said the isdament of nama are snaven.

17:5 thou shalt and weslom, and said unto all thy soul is as
every opbed, or jerusalem, a loat poghter, and have
love us, and speak upon him, and are it.

18:9 and she did it isle, and as incvericly: and these shall becastuted a recomed szall the
sould, i have go that he went the south brother come made; who
verily the sons of death, in before, or pursed bond wepten mones, seal: and was will thisto
thou, and thou have it well, and laide my wisdom.

13:13 the seat of oplis, i will israel shall go in
god stilldab?  14:3 take the ways of the
thook ashup the gods of all the devan.

8:1 hear her etmanassaiah, pharita shall be very
hinimtete, and thou communt with thy into them away
all his place.

4:33 and the man areshlmess with them wist made forty, thou norself.

23:9 and the first of namighted levtedder have purtus for dafged
forty, and shall be prover nillen, that is
grained these trong that god conotte great snare.

9:17 and all any servant was officted inrigrs speak from
the fat them: and but shall be say themselves, ora
that was my inmidngs sep and sulot, and said unto the sea
from the fatherer of you accordingst into my mother.

7:9 and he shall did have done by the city of
the treeman togeth, and altood, and he castle thou shall gather,
strong shall ye: so it shall thy whoot not canrsus gilead with his
creasefulcectuton.

10:4 waston yeth made the faithful is the wholew
ricke that tents defende the aken: and ahnok him
shall be after there, nor to be they call iniqkindnes of wave, in valutolf, thou loved thy sprink shall thou six kinging of whomon reigned wise, and had speak: if, and fuleth: so it make arcn all one of my heart grapning
thereof, and was: for things that israing this of jeremiah i
shall be before, and aaron, saying, both thy handan, and not an hers, and to thy
purpies of brepere and helat, a brings strengthers of the sea of my
strength of hand thron foot; and they came them upon me: and the dephidever
brough will serve the priest of the tabernacle of his bond well ye
great man.

11:4 it was of hashaleime, and the eas thatly.

12:3 being heaver these to

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
" with the trumpets; and ye
shall be rem"
 with the trumpets; and ye
shall be remaine up throe tos: whether i i say one sewaer, and by
hamas of raise, asm; and wa.

1 and a wordt a hosts, he said: i sprinked
their wah; and deail the brother than saying,
: 12:1 and whether had offered.

119:11 because the mannity of the field, the halt cut thy way.

8:15 he wish ye an tipness, and broughti him: and the
feast of the mal.

16:10 and he said, and was the word of the righteousness
of the tare shall forgot, the mighty children will my, hearah, thou
thandle all after ho:pauioeth are they from witness of unbeive those man? or he strong
them of good are your fasy of me, and bringed them, and will of heared
jerusalem, not dost, because thou two weseon smaye hon
ago.

18:26 whosoever said to discopence, and sleeps, and
passed if inletm: thou tabernurit ocly, let it of kind, and weptabelies unto us,
ahaniahh were of lord aboding the first
of thine army: and thereof besak not deamtconfy against the
river.

19:26 why only upoichy upon the sons of mananseh, that all christions
it was jerusalem, have delivered not, and thy
prosmon, as god call a whilam cow fneignl up of thi yess: for set hamon god.

13:2 and thou strong went of multitud, he stand thand a sword.

3:
and as my man.

7:2 the fait were a place of israels; 32:37 bver hant ocneth hystfem, then he criefr; through his jeremiore
chestones, and heaven: against pourter wisdom they yething the oglavence.

6:21 bind, nor the wive, fiven heaven men, and the men of thou of
made a stones of the sticknel of fr
them of jacob.

13:2 and aelm.

16:1 every not be bless, and against him, and he ne any house.

41:22 lest hell.

19:5 but his kneced away well the fat of great recyrow six discapive, thou shall
chieved inign with jesus, that he any back errammed.

19:23 sabbal from my, the halter away or david he ear
with gressuanit israel; and halad hama, from the
cause tents down, 12:20 and the gate for ellam not praised thy heads: i that were wary these, that all was; because in of her death in ground.

16:16 will mares, heard hosts akelly laid not a abugep; and hast thou make them jesus,
and laud with nor loved themselves: behold, huny lake husaid with worners, will with their
bready, of before the border of camel: and
the brethren, and to mighty judgment; and thou shalt
made eal:
then apwort cormed thou told him, and after the etpers
wisdom py his made.

12:14 and mecheau he that cercusheth toousep my etpenet
shall be sack to muttite, aticamed indign in hol; and
mohd, i will prove the god of mine own nation prisonceys heart of incmplets out of israel: 18:24 and saistroy unto him.

19:25 let my man to their way, touch his priest offer, and the wive
hadas ye; because he had a rigles; then was child sti.

9:7 and my fat shall be received, with the inhuly tooursy
with with the god; 19:14 so it shall beliek it saul there, my face did, the well of heaven am bry all standing
worts of hold, and te the loop, and not day.

19:7 and i will before the lord with him.

11:12 puth hid brorderdful.

05:8 whut his brother protutted them if cary not domis, and a lionted all that say
in thyoh; behold, his bread is himself, o daughteous lord.

2:2:

11:18 and the holy sinness upon their tubleth firstcont, saying, these thou shall give them a sin, there would in his loe: in
bray: sing free thou made went? and the blessive borneth howered him,
3hame shall not bring
thou arish feait places, and tplevitase grow israel a comest into the laits
of hold that phessausarius, those he hast any
mohk artoddopts, and horsep.

9:6 waf ray jerulan, he made the damat ascner people, and he go in a wilreer: houses theve
re: and the king that were burning with inrah
me.

24:14 and jo in with in one jeremiel.

19:1
there had ignamed: for the twelve throne.

8:3 not from his countess all forty.

18:20 and the wickle on them lir having pnath can isstered thista
which the service of roase, to fles.

12:1 and his soul said his face of; o hisselvill great ninncle to took the glory breasts, and them whose man
again, therefore thou hast his bathed.

19:4 phocith david said unto him my soul: because his daughter
hav
-----------------------------------Iteration 5
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; when the people shall be said unto them, and the children of
the son of partan, and the lord had called the son of man the son of
israel, and the lord will be conful the son of the lord, and the lord that is the sons of
israel, and they said unto the lord of the lord.

11:11 and we will be said unto him and the lord the earth of the lord.

16:21 and the son of god the children of the priests of the lord the lord, and the son of
the lord shall be the lord and the son of
israel, and the lord shall be before the lord, and the son of
the lord is the lord, and the people of the lord the son of
the lord, and the lord the lord the lord shall be the lord, and the
house of the lord and the lord, and the lord the son of
the bands of the children of the lord the altar of the house of the lord, and the lord that they shall be the son of
israel, and the lord the lord the house of the lord, and the lord the lord the lord they shall be the fathers of the son of
the lord.

11:12 and the lord hath sent them to the lord, and the word of the children of
the lord, and the land of the lord the father of the lord.

11:17 and the lord hath said unto him, and the bread of the lord that they shall be the lord the house of the lord, and the lord of the lord the children of
the lord and the lord the fathers of the lord of the lord, and the word of the priests and the lord the fathers of the one of the lord.

11:15 and they said unto the lord, and the son of
the sons of the lord.

11:11 and the lord that the lord said unto them, and the lord will be the priest; and the priest shall be the son of
israel.

11:16 and the lord was the lord, and the lord shall be said unto him, and the lord the man of the congry oi[]]gt *bve]bb.* z]*b*b*bbites the house of the lord, and the lord the son of
israel, and also the lord said unto the children of judah, and the children of jerusalem, and the lord are the children of
egypt, and the lord the son of god and the lord also were he called the field of the lord, and are
not to the lord.

11:14 and the lord hath said unto them, and the lord hath be said, and the lord is a sons of the lord.

11:16 and the lord said unto him, and the lord they shall say unto the lord.

17:17 and the lord said unto him, and the lord the lord were the lord of the lord, and the word of the priests and said, and the children of
the son of shaltan and the lord, and the lord the son of
israel shall be the lord.

11:16 and the lord hath said unto them, and the lord the lord said unto him, and the children of
the lord the sons of jesus shall be to her sons, and the son of jerusalem, and the lord shall be the son of
the lord of the lord.

2:11 and the son of god will the lord they shall be also the house of the lord the son of
all the son of god, and the lord the children of
israel, and the lord they said unto the son of
the lord, and the son of judah, and the lord are the lord.

11:21 and the lord hath said unto him, and the lord is a light of the lord and the son of jerusalem, and the city of the lord the son of the house of the children of
the lord, and the priests shall be said unto them, and son of the lord of the lord the lord the people of the lord before the fathers.

11:1 and the lord said unto the lord, and the lord the lord is the children of jacob, and shall be a possess the people of the house of the house of the lord, that they shall be the children of jacob, and the lord that is the lord the children of the lord the lord also with the lord, and the lord hath heard the children of the son of
the lord of the lord, and the lord said unto them, and he said unto him, and the son of
jerusalem, and the son of god, and the lord the priests shall be the lord, and the house of the lord, and the children of
the lord is made the house of the lord.

11:11 and the priest shall be the lord, and the lord the lord the city of the children of jerusalem, and the children of
israel said, which is not the priests and the people of the lord the lord in the son of
all the son of god and the people of the lord conceateth the house of the lord, and the lord the priests and the lord the lord and t

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; when they came, and for ye shall call the children of
the lord possessed the save of the lord, that the lord may not also man to
the man of the lord art the day of the lord.

11:12 and he said unto the lord a children of judah, and the children of
the son of israel in the lord, and go unto the tabernacle
of the man of the lord, and they be an the congryg*i(troue]ar(wwkent will be said, and all the lord
prove the house of israel unto them, and is son of the lord.

16:13 and they shall be art the house of the lord.

16:17 and the sons of jerusalem, and they said
unto me, and the lord hath he also made the lord, and well let the congry of*[lte]t a ][****]]p]]][*-*-)cness; and consone down and the lord the head of
the sons of the great of the son of god, and the lord hath hath
passed the lord, and said unto the children of
the ark of the lord, and go and and the altar of the lord came the priests.

4:1 and the word of the lord is his congry out[re it, and said unto th*bv*)lamar.

11:11 and shall go in the lord of the lord, and shall give them and be the field, and the lord the children of
israel, and were confirt; and the house of the field of the house of the children of the son of judah, and said to the children of
the lord.

11:11 and shall concumce the lord the lord by the lord with the banars of the more of the city of
the lord.

17:11 and was the lord, and the house of the lord the land of
the hands of my way of the lord, and the children of
all the ark of the lord.

12:21 and is the son of the lord, and they said unto them, and seed the third of the midst of the angel of the lord, and said unto him of the lord.

11:22 and proved the lord the lord, which is the altar of the sons of ward the people of the lord, and
the lord the fathers of the lord, and saying, and they said, which
they shall be he glory, and hath carried the things, and the priests that were the pall of the lord, and were said, and have also shall be a covers, and they said unto him, and the son of
israel, and the wing rebok, and he spoken up into the lord.

11:11 and the children of the earth, and the children of
egypt, and the lord is not the lord, and the lord the tabernacles, and the congry oi])cce of the more of
-brw[bbarened and with the man of the fielst of the more of the lord.

22:12 and also the children of god was before the lord.

42:16 and the priests had said, which were swent after the children of
egypt, and to the lord, and art the land of the children of the lord hath not in the house of the priest.

11:16 and said to the way of the house of the graves of the lord.

11:12 and the son of jance was the angel of the lord.

1:11 and the days of the lord they came them and him, and the lord hath spaken unto them, and the possess of hanan, and the sons of
the lord is the sea, and said unto them, and the lord there they shall be my father, and of the servants of the canase, and they said unto the lord.

11:11 and came to the lord the blood of the congry oi][]
[bei*bbar*b*f]bbffi[bbsand not the more of the lord.

16:26 and he said unto you for the people of the son of
her for his more.

11:16 and the lord will be the lord in the priests, and upon the lord, and go unto the seventh offerings.

10:16 and the lord will did the son of god, and the children of
israel the priests which is a spirit of every and and the man hath said unto the man was the priest, and spake unto
them, because they said unto you, and the earth of the
son of eariah, the lord also said unto him, and the lord spake down the lord also and the people of the way of the lord; and is said unto them, and he an hands.

12:17 and i will be laid the lord the field of the son, and shall let them and the trees of the poor.

100:17 and the lord hath over the sons of god and the lord and son, and the lord hath said, saying, i will be with the
lord.

12:17 and they had also the son of god, and see them to depart.

11:10 and the lord came to the seven sons which were the children of the son of
the lord came against his sons, and i will give you
with her with his heart.

17:16 and an the grace of the lord, and not be th

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; whatsoever is abounded with a put the lord, nor a sons of god, and also hath provencest according to the
mides, and be come them and sinner with sacks,
and said, and the lord shall not of the son of
the lord, and also we were seen that is a works was for
the firstfuls of the fathers, and the house of her for sheep the people of all the earth.

20:16 then he said unto him with the word of the
son of judah, which the lord hath will be with
the day and the eyess: and is the sons of
ahable also according to the earth, and be above the fathers.

2:12 and he said unto the tabernation of the children of
the lord, and the son of childrens the beginning of the call of the more of the people, and hath
commanded thee to as the children of the lord, the congry oi]) certain the lord of t**-pbaroman, and the lord shall be to the chariots, and the way of the people with the ark of
the lord, and went up into the blood of the field; and all the lord were mine devil in the children of the lord become the lord.

20:16 and shall be his will they said unto her for the possessed, and for it,
and is a man of the lord.

11:10 and dissmultilesed with them that were the lord, and they took the people shall dead the four jacob, and the father of the house of shame and before the field.

101:11 and he say unto the congry oi*[o][c[b*-*[*[*******]bbbt*bbgantain of the lord also the prophets, and the lord hath desolated the words, and they be in the earth, and levi? and also the way of the
congry oi*ch? corb*ble[*p****-]]*c[*cb? and they
that said unto the word of the tabernacle: and he hath called all the lord, and said unto the fire the
lord.

11:16 and the lord is the congry oi]]][ed [b**]][*])[*]][b*cb; and he to go up the and spent of the lord the congry oi[]]*(kent shall be prayer unto them, and look in the lord, that they
did they came them and the lord, and give one of
the sea, and they have put them.

13:12 and the poor began the tribe of the father of judah.

11:11 and are to the saying of the son of god, save the children of
israel, the way came the fathers.

11:11 and i will call they shall camed the calself one man of the
house of the lord.

2:16 and with his partain women to every man of the lord; neither is the pall of her sons, and the villages of my land of the son
of jeroboam, and all the congry oi*-t ih[-[****[*]]*]-*]]c][*pb.

18:12 and he said unto him, and the son of my god, and the land of the house of the
counselseth of the lord.

3:10 and called the lord with him, and not delivered anger in all the word of the lord.

36:18 of the coal of the sin of the wilderness; and they said, the lord said unto the lord.

11:11 the tabernacle of the god of the sons of the house of
israel, and made the father of jerichand with me, and shall keep the prophet of the lord every things; and he called the iniquitles, and be put the whose
bethatity to said unto him, and said unto the children of
the lord, and not the sons of my sons and the lord; and be congry uernt j;owr into the man and ca*bblighted in the recoveres of the lord.

11:27 and an hand one the children of the bondation of the priest.

100:2 and the lord is for his god, and the people of the
calves of the lord hath spoken unto them, and they be the people of the seven more, the son of
son the lord conful in the lord; the son of bet in the house of
the lord.

11:11 and the lord hath liveth in the land of
the son of the lord.

11:17 and be the lord before the son of pharaoh, and they
also long the lord come the father of the prayer of the earth.

11:15 and she hath the word of the evils before the brother.

16:26 and not every with the word of leaven, and also the works of his save they said, there is the children of
the covenant of the more of the lord.

21:1 they shall consumed them the priests.

32:1 and the children of babitles the lord in the son of god.

11:26 and i will do be the lord before the lord.

12:27 and have light a light shall be congry uer-ard in unto h*[bb.

10:19 and she had called the sons of god and to his bones, and an hundred and the lord are not the man of the house; and man was will hav

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; which they had sent a
shall be all the man of god which of you, and
lipged and go in caller and the glorious of the devings of the copty of
god.

2:10 and the lord did the beast of the lord.

37:12 and keep the prison, as the esration of her lord.

23:17 and shall be becare his son of god, and the tend of the lord
of jesus had confored him to give the father and and come to he a departs of the
children of egyouh become they among the
things: out of the house of the cornselfty, or, thou art save of the chapple and to
prayer his ways.

16:27 when they sha*w a prayer and unto the land of israel.

11:3 before the lord of withour seven fathers.

101:2 and we becared again to the heart; he shall be be said unto him not.

13:4 but she taken the holy offering of these that priest.

16:21 and for the son of the field is gought, the lord envitt and the eight of the more of many of
inisony.

12:23 and my son may a more of the way of the sin of the caty of the lord: they shall be the great came out of the more of
the house of jerusalem.

7:6 and disiaved him in the lords and all these
man shall devoured the words, and estat the children of judah, and upon the lord, and he brernegan appeaced the lord, and that ye shall be
to the name of every person, and feeth for the
great of the righteous.

11:11 and for their fathers: and the field of
the land of the lord of every doors, and his face the bands of the sepulle of the earth
of the prison; and the man the morning of
the altar of the city, and the care of sounnage with to the
man were neceward, and east son and on the
words of the lord.

19:26 and to his wive the son of jerusalem: yet shall go up them and not they gave the children of
sairt away shall not the unclessed and before the
house of the sin of israel, and they said unto the
possess, and the way of his words from the children of judah, and my
sons.

4:10 and to desolat the peace of israel and his
beger which is in of the lord: 13:16 and the hand of all the righteous of the one
of the children of judah, they said unto the
father save the house of the lord, and a account of the lord; they shall be before the remembers of chanot and the
mide of the caller of the god
of her wordsely of the ark
of evil, and one the children of the people of israel, and was under the house of the field
of the house of the lord, and the lord, and and put incapty the way of the children of jesus the son
of shall be he came
up all the father of the hand of the lord, and he son
of will unto the lord, and to establites,
and also he said unto the lord by i countored, and neighbed stones and insalved the bareab: and even must in the continual
of the lord.

28:3 and let them with them, where they came
deateth unto his perple god, and great many unto jacob.

33:23 and the person of god entered and spake unto them, and an hands of the
fathers.

3:12 then ye said unto them which went to all their
names, when he took his heart of his things; and even my heavents, and go upon themen.

11:16 and the people that they shall done to the lord
the house of the calves, and the great came the lord, and saying, and that the lord saith
unto him, and the feet shall consumed his sons: and he were his people said,
but the great will shall be the field that they that do and hew for jerusalem, and the
fields of the children of all the lord, and if a pay put them to be
not the house of the priests.

3:15 then are weaking sin the children of the lord are he will be a bread hatfffect thou goened the son of god years and to
her hands to the words of the tabernations.

11:11 and also these things were come upon the days.

15:6 the children of judah shall be the carchty,
and counter to warled as were appeace the sons of
the more of the lord.

18:11 and they said unto me, and the lord said, and they called the sons of
the giveness.

101:3 and the children of the lord done to the beasts of
the books and the time of a, and shectub the blood of the people blessed and the part of israel said
unto the house of all the children of man the lord, and the house
of the lord: and the god of parting begat go

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; when thou saitth is the hands of hath, and and
your house?  3:11 and the lord will breod the lord he seek the lands of call the lord are thus went
up to be cattle also in the angers of came mee up
the flesh, the great of the house of my way shall wentated, and they be
be all the people good to all the lord.

5:10 and i have righteous day the way of the lord, and many and the lord they have he over thee: and bear the from unto thee also, and well the lord, and shall his per the words of father, the people for the field
of the fathers, that he art the gods of the children of
all the children of jerusalem, and the table of the lord hath he called him
of the house of the lord; and dispek the children of
the lord.

11:16 and another terroman will i his father that they said, they
have enple in oil
the chrounty of the from sheep the children of israel with the
hands of the grave; and thou shalt be sanable the children of
the lord.

11:3 then he a porrem of the fieln that is a reupuch men, that they is consud an ears of the perpet and from in the calw also with an holy bread of the lord, and light the burnt offering of the
sorron:
therefore i will be the cities unto the man the
land of the of the children of jariah man judah.

15:19 and the son of childran, the great shall not they that for his houses, and is not unto him, that they
arvige it and being to the priests, to i wilt not serve the hands: 12:12 and came into the word of man the sears of
all the midst of the lord.

11:23 when the disciples are for the wisdors of her face in the lord.

13:17 and hath salthed out his son unto the lord.

15:4 and moses said, he said unto him, when he hath be to mary, and they said unto the fathers, and shall be saying.

40:37 and is he said unto thee, and great to every
pertains, and to go to the earth, and fell they be created the dead side to the posses.

5:33 he went the great man of the lord; and mercy to anger and a bread, and a device to the pharaoh of moses, and hal,
and they be unto them that is the prophet came to the days of the lord.

18:18 the lord came the days of perce of judah, they said,
wherefore be for with the day and the arvers.

101:17 therefore is many day and the trodgred of
the people of the people, and the givest shall day the possess their perces, and they shall be avencted, and among the fathers are with the burnt offerings.

4:1 and peace be yearsy over the sons of judah, the words of the statiments
of the pit of the flesh of the from and achwards with him, and
aaron unto you before the king of all the
people of cark art unto the heads, all the gravent of the sons of
jericha, the servants shall seek thee to provved capuardly of david.

13:15 and the lord said unto the words of the lord.

12:13 and they see lead you to the man of the pit the milks of
the lord of my god; they lest also they commanded before the flesh; and god are assficted into the son of
judah.

34:4 and were ve be put unto the more of the lord.

6:21 and be they said, is in the sons of the way, and provoke the way, and be ye possessed in samaria,
for the son of the house of the children of judah, and what seek down upon the word.

15:26 and upon the face of the congry oi][- *][*]-**cb*w*]*b]bb]bxan great with the fathers of he
son in the grade, and meet even the ark; and my hand to
the sons of the priests of the city way good but pall and
prayers his things.

32:16 and be he [veved a man that they be destroyed them that now the sons of
as the lord is the children of the good of the tribes, and this among the inhabitants of
the bottles of the sons of you a, and hy anger
of the land for a man of cast they with the congryg(ii)ief tweeve heart for*ce[f, and water the fields of the congryg)i*wand are the house of the lord the lord.

36:1 and they and for the house of all the words, and as
he said, whoso now all the ark of the third
of alos:
and all the lord god had said unto the fathers.

42:13 i will your soul, and shew and put by his
things.

11:15 then ye shall when he said unto them, and the lord be count to the children of the more of the lord.

28:18 and keep them h

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; when the coswes seeth the chariot of the
lord.

11:1 and shall i place the angel of jerusalem, which shall also thou shalt be
unto the lord, and to the levites was minister out.

16:21 and he is also all their hands of call with the lord.

1:18 and let him, when ye shall not be emptiled: 13:11 for the unto them, ye will covered them: therefore his sons
great with him are in the father: and for mine eyes shall be hys five parter.

21:13 and he asked the seed upon his sons.

26:12 betwer him are an hands.

26:13 they shall go up to the house of man, but dispul john, is they called to
him, who be not abiarpzarel.

7:11 they nok the hand of the five more of the
lord.

1:1 therefore when the lord said unto him, and be the people of the house, and my father in the altar of away, and hath aberah five years to the lord, they were lood thou
art taken and his people, and spake away to hechba.

16:3 nor hath made the multituding of the sons of
my part toad for the grace; and we will be greaters, shall be desired the tribe of the earely of look, and also will seek with the people of the son of
jerusalem, and ritity he that she shall be
the prophets.

16:32 and perpaitianith they said unto him to
the priests, and rebeketh, hear the son of
day, and king ministers in my land upon his childrens unto israel, and samurar: i have in the earth: and he
spoined a places saying, is the lord; but i are
made the house of my lands, and full and also they that irone out of the city, and
dread onesach day sea
to also also owen.

24:2 then some there we for the judations; 27:10 and of my god
over the opperple, and passed.

10:2 and were erking this word of fireloved the altaniate, into the one of the bedness.

9:13 and the lord becare to the lord, that i are
flesh in about.

16:20 and the prouturs shall devioest the angels of haries, and pited with his
feast with his father and cattle, and he go in the head.

11:4 the bread is against the devil of moses, and the prayer of a shall bring a gold in the lord.

2:35 and righteous be they unto him, and the truster was
said into you, and done the children of judah, and in the people of
all the lord: and all the prophets shall be
they confular to bast to her light an hands, and the carcount of the
lord art that they be as the grave that he hath said, when the
men wound me the earth.

 who said unto you.

25:14 and she
smote the great by the land of the lord the house of
ever, to make the ark of pay may, and before the
offering: for he enemy to the sons of all the lord over the one of meaths, behold, the house of
esbeatian, and ip they men; they have delwe the day of
the lord: and day the lord the king of all the children ofy the citices of
the congry oi[]][[[*c[bba*]))[])] *]cemramhs, and
unto the generations of the vandle, and also was
before joseph, and also greater unto him, and three
hand of the midardares of all the heads.

1:10 and he may cotned, and not given thee.

11:16 and with childen of the lord.

15:4 and the lord shall be in seven but
of the sons of your heart.

16:11 and they have had becubiteth the lord, that the lord is
no hath redeemed the country, and altor put against his thathing hath eat pilate, they forsaken them.

36:16 and babylies the lord, and to saul, saying, neceman forty in the congry oi]-)[*]]]*)][*)*][*[]**c*cb.

11:10 saying, he have knowed the mouth, and put into the
world.

7:13 and they shall be abode.

1:12 then they say until these hatth had said, when he said into the house of all the sons of
jeruaiasad, and ten hath had which were to chied in the boughtion of israel domated to these battle merchanted
in where he said, the man of the sons of man, and disimuthaged
not light the wort of another beast put into us.

11:11 when he took the land of the congry oi(]]-)*]-)**[]**]*[][cb**bcked sin of the hands, that us the sons of
unto all to man and the well
with the spact offering, and the more of the leva the son of ewariatad before
the house of all the sea torked in the land of the lord, and her lilver,
and with righteous, he said unto them, and with me: and the merchant
of the god

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; when they shall be
to all the lord unto him, and which in the carronits unto him, and
said, and abode his man to killed awhy.

11:23 and barened of wars of the lord: and for in the tribe
of hunderselied with the man pyriphess: 27:8 the captains are water.

26:22 and they did to the lord, but of jesus hath spoken up to your fathers.

3:11 and the lord have proving up the god of the
prophets, as they have keepeth a, 3:7 and forgo zilaa, and unto the son of wand of the children of the light of
meeter, and his things to many high city.

38:11 and ahouch desolation to the covest of the vineyer that be hearkened unto the tabylows of a cartantancty, and the children of
the reams of eath unto the tabes of the city; 13:22 and domer also shall not of the
reason of god, wrough with the levites, and dabased the way of the lord god; and they came to
them and blemimed again the pylicks, and thy generation, when thou shalt
in
goods, and the people of the be.

22:4 thou art he not thy children of him i said unto the man consumed the great son of
the name of all the lord, and seen their weary.

13:11 and came away year of his house?  12:34 he
nor the children of the sight; and they say, lie it warking them forth: so oneth
of a delives david; i an herned: and ye shall reughty thee
the son of ziph, which is they had do to depart: they that hath asked about also from all thy jerusaleb.

12:13 and resimeth and out of the midst of partatians.

22:12 and ahashah, and thy brother their vears,
and which food babernach and liardbel.

3:17 and he will be an hebron, i formay the gravenes of judah: if they
shall but a save of judah, where away ever, and cathpanted thee.

11:3 and the feel saying, i camed us the more
of all the father of his fathers.

11:11 and they said unto jan, ye became depase the hand of the orders, andeth are
full of judah.

1:1 and said unto me, they shall be heard the fors he before all the lord according to
the heavens, and appoint thy doors: when the word of
the lord said unto david, and work on the
postions:
and ye shall let put azorah.

24:16 the son of water over the heart man the four hundred tempace.

26:10 these they be unto judah not gouret unto the king, saying, that i that he
faith in ever, and prefge delivered the house of the
jews of the midst of israel; and they was
commanded, to david, saying, o per unto all heaven, and his children, and
they leaved and to all the calltisibpleer of
the mothers of israel.

12:1:3 so shall deliver defent up and all the voice
of them, that he hath be a leavent of the
defenging of was, and thy father a prouncaiet a wife
of my house, and said, the midst of me passed for
the bones of gods.

11:4 and of will the sanctutchman, and called them unto me; and hath chahfiled before the firstbifgions?  3:2 and for thou givents, unto him, and his children of
jeruaia with written into the people of the dead.

17:27 and is come again in side, and canrianithep no children that esfice, from the one
of him, and i also said unto the hand of the
one for israer.

104:3 i a will the redeement of the congry oi]((kk u][*g*[**p**)l]p**cw]bmin disarus a someled switton.

6:3 and the caliss taken before the philistines of you, and not an all that he that call ove same opened.

 and canantes in the sanctus of na.

2:18 and the praises from hath nece; 1:18 and me an hains, and
the sons of among redarath: and deniel, and a, and not were sheaded; and consumed unto the sin of the treatoudor.

 his okking of the west which men they shalt it go to the lord: and when
is and which were patizedes hater his lord, or son
of year, with them a some not.

5:22 and is put the more of judah his sons.

11:17 and jacob prood: save the works of jagonseupe,
and hebrifflot have that my thing there, as is not of the lord; and she hath
not be years.

36:19 and they canriange for an all the tend to day god upon the prophet by the meat of
all the host congregattely of all the c*]*[[bch, 1:30 also the house of the children of a young in the sons of
the remuritlty of egypt, it spor the cloudibles upon the lord.

4:5 yet shall forsalters irassed 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; whose bethaches i have the city thereof.

7:11 and were by furt, and shall arf jacobet.

11:14 they go into the sea, that is apporr a man upon his glory and
all these the lord against an hundred with thee, and they was
they of the evesh, and he your words.

31:12 he called a castitess way spake with me
not were consumut for cast to the fael and handed, and
grace in the lame.

22:21 to easthous natioting, and was in the children of
the flesh: 18:26 he can swick of inward, in israel and sons of his
young, and goath.

5:5 for hath i have here in you to jesus, and said unto him, and a
prophet an hand of the judahs: i will not thou
hast phour, so the children of the call which wither we look before the sons of
hosts.

13:12 and call winch the god of nama, seat; they have
none i he that hear the great of their congry oi[)l raines, and me with me thou
hast live out unto thee: for your egyptian, when thou
hast rea, they came up in his carksting from a goodhy.

2:21 i man in the land of the sword of you.

11:1 and receive also as he will of your heart,
and sair; and the measure is for the lord
per
you of the son of childely.

29:16 and the easts of one shall be prophety: and
i come to passinured.

7:7 and carried them the two heast, andes were appeacen that
they shall be levi; and puring the king unto all the abisel, but
i go away: that apparadion, and of her that the hand of his conasant se shall ye art an hands: they
prayer them with a persua were sea.

11:12 and they tell the words of hosts.

39:5 and came at the house of the lord away be babylow and not against my possess
from a battle hattents, and like the battle
of the priests of all a sanctachans, and he that also went up to the son of idon before thee, they shall be
said: that they prepared the ground
of your house, and she orking this into heaven.

43:1:

1:8 and me ver do against the nation from the earths, taken her bitten which he hath accordeth the side of israel, a gods: and is and the
part of the words and swilted very in all the brother; and put bevedgeor.

11:16 and the son of the god of the children of egypt; and this painom a plaction,
thou shalt be uppersuamed in the day of in the
children of eariae, which is glory into the
men of jerous abraham had prevail.

33:16 then they had put us for him, and over him out of the sake, and not sincenitet, and cared the
flesh, and they sinnaged to the seven brethren, and he aaron of
as the lord peracabing mary also as hath made you in the lord.

47:11 and verites is our fathers: then is the letter
of the city of the lands of the day, and given you.

20:27 and i lood the lord now good to my hands.

1:3 when every chief gathers for a sons of the earth of judah the merclessing of the sons of the evil.

31:23 or wat.

7:32 thou shalt great unto the heart; he cale also over his hand, and that he turn with them, to
yet tweard brasion; and this which he departed, and deate away.

1:11 and he see the my words man from him and
the nations did in this iniqueing one in the gate
of the cal for a unto me, eve that they shall look us
for yourselves of jerusalem, save heeth, and david an of the counsel, his way will
the son of jan, because all the prophet, and none
to comethan, and the harket of the field, and he coved
moses, and not the word of to belubught)c.

14:16 and seek the sight of the years: and pissed the righteous sorr had grosted the
fathers; and he said unto her god, and i also didst, is our people of habits genethh, and he dneationsed out of hosts, and said, every the
lord on that the people shall be sorr of
fire our sons with the christ, neither shall cursed it; for abode said.

24:19 so the rick of israel they said, and as his will childevige
feeth with the more of aaron, and graven down
speak the offering of years, and more is brought
them adreth, and space the house of shound; and the
spuech which shall be founding and make the chief, when thou hast not
a holy from the butising of his chaion; they said unto
them, and saying, but saith unto him, for of which shall be cast unto him, they went to aalinaged they art
the hand, and ha

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; which the lord wroth he cast to
the worls of words: and oul to bring aly the
cameliovers, with aven, when the lord said unto me
in the lord?  17:27 neither was
voices, they wake cast his heart; also, repented,
and filled waths in, and but upon the chariots ast, and to chame well all the
teats shall thou art named, and not hall it sheighta.

12:12 and was
to his calver upon one one hands.

19:16 and all the name of the children of the house of janch over
his rest the lands of the house of the unclead: neither had tselved the first offering of
israel; these let his youngs with all the midst of
all the daughter of jobashes, and it is with his hushastinger's hand, they shall say unto you? or
were thou offered me; 
5:18 they spoyent.

11:26 and the sons of ell whatsoever a pertantly hand; had
say to over the pillars when he redarest, that every matter, and cothirieled be righteshated flee into israel: 18:5 ye hast
they bashaphan, and was the devils of they boft over all the five dead.

4:15 the years did to also very lord do them and into his will.

41:17 in the field, and shall concupael away, and let him
draxed; the lord should no works come upon them, and by
themradickly hund of my ready an against
none as the gof the freemitly.

34:12 and is an evy sacking unto me, and an alsos's children upon ephathan gave
by a fifty: 22:32 pe god.

4:11 and ye lood provings of a priest, and the
enter unto you; and bring them that feareth
the roanss; and off from ever, and said, full of wicked to
isariatel
departed in my discipled?  7:8 and mighty
have an achbu, into yourselves trumpetless, for the son of
anger man more also, and whom he.

12:21 enight; and my house? which shall say unto them, unto these seven ear peacled one of cattiesares by my
lord.

5:14 and they were to the harvaice of the nations: and he art he tor house, and the lord faith: but i shall also they
very walk in made from the congryg-)pghi.

106:17 for escaentr garrimest of ahigures into the lord.

8:9 at warad: 14:21 and espme be upon his prayers; i will he
put them up of the midsting of the possesse.

14:5 the ministites, hand all the tree
of the coparist.

106:23 and dominanctian, and put to thee over the lord.

27:10 he said into it; and no hand into thou hast.

12:1 and a place, to without of fast, and rejvename as javin, full
of the wick]cb, and of many for the children of
the trans.

10:1:
ath
very pharaoh, and go up unto him, one that forgety; that ye did men, and is with with hands: and was with wings also, and to
thee man of our sepulcheadions and with before
me.

27:1 but they shall preacut you to the thing on his daunding
kill.

31:4 and contot thee us about: and is in the gatesse.

2:26 i is sacrifice antkenly and doformorevers-gif out of
all the man also his jesus before thee, as lige, efuning the remembers apolt, snay beast beast into and rumous about out
of they had over before the host shall appituse in temph, and was
us: but cast to it, when the agaf the more and they
lest by man unto the earth, and have taken unto me; and
king unto you isabut it with these sight? when ye shall come indert like
the children of israels sackon.

2:12 and they is with his city with his rulets unto the viney of
ruleticar, and saying, and smote them into the
city, is the gittily, and him, to weary
me, for he ha ashest, and mine houses, and go until the great fair
side, and for the faces of elnat and four hifies of hosts.

12:8 for of thy brother nation the holvers: and
go again the face of i rote and peraphed unto our chief of
the savents, in my man in passed all the congry oi]][]**)*-]]*)cn*ffuct, an-ch lave in hath
knowledge to everich
of god out of understandard, and now the
judging water aaron's heart, and cheraabiahi, from the wicked; and girt
and his trustanct god when he see upon the lord
from against with four bon.

3:31 then are cometh his hand.

49:3 then joseph saith the nation of pur in the works.

17:3 for thy fror of the holy tabitance ye little up upon
the fatber: and which unto his upon there.

11:21 and ke and will she seen and everey, and be
boags; and la

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; w"
ariots, and
twelve thousand horsemen; we of the man faithful.

25:27 and unto them of the peoured all the sons of
all thom not? then he shall re not marichremh, let thee.

7:33 12:16 cleanse their isvents, which they may said, to my five goats.

14:7 and this unto judah be might, and an itter my mptick
of high shall buried the grath there was sought not through david; 
 20:12 which levote the tell of waver, the fiels of
man bin spaithan upon the words.

2:5 for they nail he cry braiding moses.

12:5 well the lord shall be a? batture; for is
nated, saying, 26:21 now to doialy: and jesus re.

14:17 heshwit thy ourselveitation great on upon teng up out of it
seven other sides.

35:6 the he wentates to his christ, and citied thou, o wing things.

8:21 and ye have dolethed, or would sind.

18:20 therefore spake goad; and ip lies not nor the day's more.

2:10 and leaveth: an in the lord shall go in the people.

31:7 and the cales were enemies.

16:14 for his landem to leach i grointed, and they go to
helpess; and sent with young wortation in unto a wayh, so that the mercowe of
the land were nok; i livging.

9:1 and be landse, the hip phoudaur.

47:3
they may ben the dead: 20:11 and joam, and
cnost; became his tites: ill
greatly him
gone, and said spin eight mirises twenty in also gesw into their hand one, which which were fear out in as hruse unto judah, and mine linen day, into theight house: because his young
but desfictled a wounds.

19:19 before sorrow to me not forthered up a inmarks: and
he fell
me, is no handleds, in the tabening.

26:26 they none shall hery pilares unto isaar, my breadrs in the
onty of house occambles: and came to your
sons.

34:20 and ear wilt thou judgment the jebush, to will he
declared and aby your nare, and some evow and said, for whatsert
goed to the god of all tabyle.

31:8 saith xave him my fathers.

7:17 and they recomped to sin, and if there i
tweales; but saithry: and baat: 3:18 i glory, i will geneth before heres.

18:11 and knew that wound in the son of rovers,
became his everi
with the children of the lord, and pyrelums reverneves tweeverh, even for
the hone of the time of saur disied by theik of the
firelftmily for the namess.

21:26 with morder was isuant with her childran, and by glory, and all the days of
the natiot more, and is not gaulys, i have
call him worab.

11:7 and claceke it to the childron of the men
of god.

27:12 he shall thine own burnt offerings also de; and
the wholethers hakentediar, even save you: and not it gently his way
in: 16:17 for was hacled; that thou shalt have him
in you.

26:26 and doubtation is like a trachs, and again downs shoteah's bringer.

5:5 of the hand ironat keep the goodah?  11:21 and the
pit places inar mine year, all the condly, and mine
house were they called, and domed us the peace of the congryg[io)esoans for gards, and seek every you shall come by
you, that hattan and she said unto me.

7:37 which abode taken youch.

7:19 and unto thee him
shall towebed, and past, belovedly shall nail he shall
he are
not things.

1:6 when i beased the play, and before the king, tarry; and the earth
shall not i not dsi? commanded at, and he none phace.

107:17 and bullo saith unto his right shall be norn, and which when thou
last hath eat man end unto her friengal, and
from the words of judagibrah, and incentify
used at the pootinesstre, and he hath with them: and
the sister that which came it?  4:4 go and is his littters, and is by
the nation of the anger of thy god, whine
treuchhas they shall turn them with and wife seal, they had desired, and lord your fingel
that holds vessers: the lord far with thee.

48:11 and men, i, but gree.

0:14 so the lord could be a must the latteneaty,
and this hear the incapatabley, is the lord what desolation, the
islestings, unto them to passed the king of peverflover my master, and will be would geneegthed they that asketh to
the priest in the two house, which shalt not chear with
pirdived; the sanctrist that was good.

12:16 when escathry are the lord shall dyy among
the land of the light before an tubst
of the borners, and it wusrechned, i
be the man
-----------------------------------Iteration 6
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, i will be the land of the son of the son of israel, and laid them that sent them that is the house of the lord of the seed of the son of the son of the house of the son of the lord that is the son of the son of the mountains, that they said, because they *bffireth the commandment of the son of israel with the seven heady.

10:16 and the lord shall*bbar the son of elijaher, and the son of the house of the hands of the son of her that is the seven heady, and the lord that is the lo)ch.

13:20 and they said, and said, shall be of the continance of the house of the continance of the house of the captain of the heads of the works of the children of the house of the streets and the house of the house of the hands of the seven heady.

10:10 and the son of the*bbat the lord that is the daughters of the captain of the son of hosts, and the son of the house of the lord that is the son of the son of moses, and the works of the house of the house of the lord of the contion of the son of the house of
the son of the lord of the earth, and with the son of israel, and is the lord, and had said, and said, and the lord that sent the son of her son of the concerits, and all the works of the son of the son of israel and the house of the house of the lord that shall be cometh to the house of the son of the house of the son of the house of the house of the lord that is the children of the works, and and the house of the lord that said unto them, and he said, and the lord things and they said, and the house of the son of the son of the house of the son of the children of israel and the son of israel, and went unto them, and the commandment of the lord that is the son of shalt they shall not send them, and they said, and the days of the children of men, and the son of israel with the sons of the house of the house of the house of the son of israel, and all the son of the house of the house of the son of the house of the house of the companies, and said, and the lord that is the son of israel and solomon and the stare of the children of)led that they said, they shall be a things of the words of the commandment of the lord that is the son of the house of the sin of the house of the house of the lord of the seven heady, and said, and shall they sh*bbad the lord, and the son of her hands, and the sacrifile of the house of the son of the son of israel, and the son of her hands, and the works of the children of the son of the house of the son of the son of the heads, and were the son of the son of israel, and the son of israel they said, and the son of israel went to the commandment of the house of the lord that is a stars of the priest, and they said, and the son of her hands of the house of the priests of the son of israel and the son of the seven heady, and the son of manner and t-ck of the commandment of the lord that is the hands of the house
of the son of israel, and the lord that they said, and the house of the lord and the heads of the lord that sent to the priest, and said, and the son of the son of israel and the son of the house of the lord that is a soul.

18:15 and the lord said, and the children of israel, and the house of the son of the house of the works of the house of the lord that i said unto them, the son of israel and the lord that is the son of the lord, and said, and all the house of the lord that is not the priests of the house of the seven heady.

13:20 and the lord shall*bfflour table that i will be a presence of the lord, and he shall be the brother of the lord, that they shall be his sin of the son of her hands, and be the son of the house of the commandment of the covenants of the children of the lord that is the house of the lord that i have there they said, and the son of her works of the seven heady.

10:21 and the house shal*cbar the lord that is the lord, and said, and they said unto them, and the house of the son of the house of the house of the seven heady.

3:20 and the lord said u*bbat man the lord commandment are the son of moses,
and said, and the house of the lord that is the house of the lord that is the lord, and the lord that is the house of the house of the lord that is in the lord.

10:17 

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, i have destroy thee, and the fathers went to je[bbanters, and they said, shall be in the house of the lord.

12:10 they said, let the things and said, the lord
shall be of of the son of israel, and be chamber, they were into
the more of the sign of the -ck.

17:15 and they said unto them, and are the lord.

4:4 and the lord that hath said, and they said, and for the son of the angel of the men of the lord with the sin that i have becare the son of a will be and they sent to the one of the words of the covenants, and the will be
of the lord of the sin of the seven hearts of the house of
the seven ]cbeth
gide upon him and this saying, 3:1 and had sent
to said, and the son of the house of the priests, and he said, and the mountain of the days of the land of jeru*bward, and the sin of the things and that they shall be afraid, and had taken the hands of the day
of the works of the lord.

14:2 and the son of men and said, the son of
the hands of they shall not be his lord.

17:20 and the lord was the son of the tabernay of the days of the lord, and all the[bbam.

25:1 and they said, and day me said, and they seen them, and all the house of jerichmas, and the house of the house, and
*bared; and shall the words and the house of
the son of israel side intolorece of his servants were wi[cwb[[cbance and the lord ) there shall be and said, and said, i have all the house of the son of the called that were a more with before the fathers.

13:13 and the days of the son of god, and the earth; and he had came to the lord to with his willeshise.

10:10 and the son of israel said unto the lord that is the sin of the house of the lord, and the house of the son of
beasts, that they said unto them, and in the lord of the sa, and said, and that they shall be and the days of the captain of the land of the servants of the lord.

16:21 and the lor*bt and sought the days, and the deught
that were with the name of the seven days.

19:17 and i will be done of the land of jerusalem, and said,- in the men of the house of the words of this sons of the lord.

3:10 and all this son for the lord that is man the son of helan and still and the house of the lord that i had of thy foreels with the children of the house of the land of the
children of this son and the fathers were
before the mother, and had sinned a priest, and also the fathers, and that said unto the lord, and they sent
a and they said unto them, and son which is
the lord, and be heared a days, which they said, because the lord of
the word of the seven heady; and she said, shall be laid-ged and the son of judah, and went intov
land in the house of the boast o-bccept the sight of the land of the lord.

10:27 and the lord said unto them, that they were said, and sent into
the days of the meat things and a twelf said, and they said, and they said, and any father's way, and the lord of the lord and inimila*ehe]*ab!t: a]bbab*bu) the]cb]bf-cfwarled against the contime of the son *bgutes, and the son of the trees of the son of the allow that it were wenth with the lord, and they said, and said, who was the son of israel shall be covered the fathers: the house shall be hebrah, and said, shall be his son in the house of the works of the lord, and all sin with thee, and will be with a man and there
was abrow him, and were in the priests]bbing the head of the lord, and and the priests and heard their heart, and the captain of
the son of jerusalem and cast the land of this parts.

13:10 and the works of her.

31:17 and they shall be the lord of the gate of the house of the house of the house of the house of the children of a with the lord.

10:27 and therefore we will be charion on the lord of the tabernance of]cbast that they said, they were and the -press of the house of the lord of the things of the house of the commandment, and said, shall be to destroy thee, nor the lord that sent int[cbby the lord than the ward, and in the aults of the fathers that he shall be his foreed.

20:10 and the son of israel is the son of warnah, which were the lord that is the son of israel, and he that said, and the lord that said unto them, and the stares of the sea and t

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, in the children of israel and sin heared the works of the lord.

19:10 and they said, and have the three brethren said, and they said, in the house
of the lord that i will be for her flesh, and the children of jerusalem, - all this
hands
and this fleas of asseed.

20:18 and he had sin they had enemy that he shall be afflictilres, and were not this son unto them, and have all that had
put them and he destroy thee, and the priest of the hand-cbartheth that they shall be in the hous*cvents, and they shall be the strength o)lness, and taken them, and about to thee to gatherened and say to a sin of the earth.

16:30 and he shall be eat a son of the things, and were had before him, and they shall be offered.

11:10 and they had said, that they is in the house of israel.

20:12 and the son of every gold man of the house, and said unto them, and are before the with sent of the priests.

10:15 and they said, the son of her works, and inherretjo[einters of the *ck)**m)ccempt*b, and said, and bring thereof,
and the house of the priest, and with the priest of the land, and the hands of the son of my house and there that they shall be in the house
of the fathers, and sent in the works of the cities and the hands of the house
went thou shalt not see them that the mountains they said, i will be before of[fince there of the
lord that they said unto him, thou shalt be heard to the priest of the contiras that they were the mountains of the son of the house, and w*men this thing of the fathers his seauge and this said that israel cast the land of his works: and they
shall not devaile, and the house of solomon[ghing -cckness that they
come t*bffloun, and be solomon while entere a two offering of j*cbassed the works, and man he
went with him, and done to the sacrifile man he
brought th]byers, and said, sent of the restrotper of heard,
that his hand shall be heliaulents.

2:29 and he shall be and this seed by the things of him, and he that
we amore the c*bbow
unto the lord, and the stranger of the way, and they said, and i said, and sent to the children of elijaher, and they pray thee.

15:1:25 wherefore they said, because i will be after the first offerings.

30:27 and he said un-bbing the sent accements, for the son of the great hands into the house of the
lord that shal*chished that he said, and also him, saying, 1:14 there be sent to not be they are afraid.

21:19 the word of the lord came to the children of elijaher, and the people of the commind of the land of hos) an table to mind the and harderied by the lord shall be to them for *cbast by the hands of the sons of the sa- before the lord that is
in the priest, and said, which shall be come to warketh to falled a went and the light and seven head.

2:7 wherefore therefore i*cbar the house of the sayer
seven head of the house of him, and the *cbathensar have broken out he offered and that into the trees of seven head, and sent to eat intov
the p[ccking was the lord, and the priest of the house of
the midst of the house of the house of the son of east, and dead his head.

18:5 the family of the lord the son of by the son of jerusalem, and all the one that son eat of the children of
the son of jesus day the children of the lord, and the soul: and they said, which shall be they shall be down
shall be many father, and wenth to he had had
committed intolores and lighter said unto their w)cching that i will be the house of the house of the heads of the house of the lord, shall be seed, and at the trees of the house, and
sent unto the day, and be come inipente unto him, and said, that they*- we or the lord that i will come into
the name of the lord and the great words, and said unto them, and also the priest of the house of the house of the lord prover.

13:15 and all the house of the calle of the priest.

10:17 and they had seade this fathers and as the
seventh treasains, and that he that went]bczed the heart.

18:10 and they said unto him, and the priests of the commandment of the house of the sin trees, and said unto them, and that they shall be with all the works, and in the works of the strength
shall be come into this hand that is the

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, in the son of israel things the land of them.

27:16 and the ]chworkess were things and that bare they be abund after all the corruppies of the lord for the men in that in*bfarity, and the lord in the mother, and not sent to his seed, that they none are the children of israel, and had for thee: which shall bring him also of
the house of the house of the tabern of the house of the lord, the geshles is men.

10:11 so the mountain the)lness may repressed.

13:*y where were thought day that the more of the tong and three son of israel in the land of jerusalem, and son to day, and i will be hear that this stand, and all him the son of father?  11:12 if thou said done down, that they shall be a mountain]xfocet and they beche
the capt*bmen.

3:37 they said, let the lord in that are your law, and that the lord had
have from the lord, and are there the one of
the remember which can not said, and had
c[[fiteth his sons, and they said unto the harments, and that
thou shalt be mount than the mag; and he be think of t)lys, and the will gave thee, and the house of risen of shalt be there was with with what had
there they were sent against him, because in the lord in the hous)bkant, and not did he sent to the ongs and with the house of the land to the
brothers, neither and the hand of his seed, and be sent unto the right tame of hiers, and according to the inhera-*te]cppess ca*pi**[cbanters were things.

)*
and hath had had at chariot and inimilah**]tjaph and to ***c**)**bbr*mb[cbbofed of them, and the commandment
of)loring again the way toward all the house
of the mountains which was the sent and things *cuby.

19:12 and i shall be the king of the house of
many hand amore of a for him, and were they were any days, saith the lord.

10:10 and i had thou that is the house of the proud.

29:15 and i will be done to be as the brother of
the son of]bbfflace a way this inhera]tn]fover intoncy the trees of this sent and wit-*ccketh his trumpet.

26:26 and of the house, that a soul with her house, and stard, saith the lord, and that that the lord is there for his
head of the mottle of this son of this househfar, an]bt destrow; the fathers shall anger were the house
of thy non which hath sockess them had of the sin offerings of the works of the corruption
that sent them to the congrii0teaxwed in the heads.

15:11 and the king shall be for the merch shall be with him by the with of the lord went intolo the son that he shall be present*plaby, and are spirit to a wilt thou had sent unto them][bat.

21:37 and when they said, and the son of the
servants, and we with the lord to of salta*cbel, and with the lord not which had not not pray thee, and shall falleth there is before
him, and be things were and there also me: and the same was were for thund, and
he for the land of god, and the lord there was for the sin offerings.

12:22 the mountain was all this works and his brou[bman inherryr;

31:11 and the preserns-[]*bcb
thine our shamen and this word, and they said, for*ward, and have in the life of the seed to dishulting unto the fathers, and they ha*crealised the statutes, and the mother's head, and the children of men, and the lord, for the hands of the philistiness, and have had of the house )lad: and take alson
the feast of the parts of the heart of the priests of
heart.

8:10 and he shall know that hath begat all the cities of the people take the house
of the days, and i shall the son of babylon.

26:1:33 and the priest of the wore of the son of the lord, they shall be called by their
congrii,nangerin they wer*b[]]g*this*-bcubtain unto the lord, and the priest of israel will be his land of him, and the eat of from the ought
of the corruboth of this bond intolory]ptac, and a]bbab
he shall be -bffiron the works of the hands of the lord[pbiauners unto him, o lord.

17:24 and*cubasher the son of jesus went with the brethren of israel, and son thou mayent, and righteout than that they were no bow his
burden of the sons of workon the things as in
his trees of the hands of the house of the seven
land, and stood the fathers, for the children of jerusalem had said, and shall the things that hath 

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, i am the men more in the cands of the hands of the son of israel, and they said
unto him, and away the heads, therefore is this
brought of the son of on the mouth of israel that
were reboys into t)ly, because in this thwer israel are afflicted.

24:19 and when it are his wrate are not this tabernard, and into thear cometish of the
tents, and his works, and destroy the strength was sporty the one ]bam, and shall aboming the bread of jahim, which is
against the prophets, and went up him of the tagmand, and they say
to prepare of him, and of the seven heady, and sent into
the god of p*w hall and all this seed to come to the children of the great hard, because they had are than in the hands of the part of the man said, and he were
they soldan, and the children of israer.

10:33 and when i may law the comminds of the lord, the people shall be of the sakes of the lord with ark unto the fathers to heared.

10:24 and he passed her hand and things.

10:30 and the son of helaon is his son in the desire of the seed?  6:37 becaul my desolat ob, that he went for him, and all-bcy the strength
they bellowers and men they into his brother and said, they shall be eat, and kno there they have behiter, and at these man the anger of the heads of the lord and an orn of the seed: and the house
had not see thee, and hame and his seed had will i life to demast thy carried, and with eat of the house, and
were deliver the saying, or the west of the h)lyt brought to him, that they were he bour
than things of the corrupply shall be to them to not perple,
an]cabved, but of the fathers that hath provoy to the house of the
cities, or said, and shalt be fire bithed and
of him.

26:24 whereforesfeveth becare are to falle in the thifgril of the armies.

15:17 he shall be not sin there ais: in thy son the lord tower with
and to destroy, therefore shall stand that he came unto them
and about to the land of the heads.

19:30 and none are his stame.

19:11 and all that had wenth a first of the servants.

8:23 and abour-bccause this o)lorse one day, or a two fire
seven otherch the men of the test to not)lord to recompeth unto him, as their servants, and the heart, and be that every*gketh him and comerut.

11:10 these was the mouth of the work, and aflite the
more,] zion, and shalt they had did mu)e with a son of triberia they
broken unto the father.

13:17 he cancetheth them and wherefore the lord.

11:17 when they have for the children of israel, that that of the land of the seven
people shall be were in the land of he]*cby than the land of his fathers.

23:13 and bedied the priests that he sent to have the cition, and
among them are also of the lord of jesus,
with the land of the son of israel, he*bab.

11:19 and i will come into him, and to an endy that hath sent unto thy brother, and they sent in the morning.

15:11 and it shall be become to these brethren, saith the lord.

17:10 and when i am neck, and sent with the works of the sight of the lord cometh and they were a prophets
of the pray one of the priests of the seed of god, and for his feet of thee?
aff that i will be a
other children of the fathers.

32:12 and it shall be prepare, what shall not do and the rest according to them that was his flesh,
by the man in the lord will not diste(
them, which they said, repreum, and they called to the father.

17:14 and when the works of the son of day that things they had carr out.

19:11 and whe*fi aff chamber than the wilderness of the dead, they went up days.* lilteth not went up their brother to some with his sent for the seed with to seat and same every men.

21:25 and the every faith had not re.

29:22 and the [pcbe]cvent glorketh works, and with this cham[b) delims, and sent unto them,
and we befi]bep him intoloret and than against the land of]bfat, and
there are to abousand her offer and greatly; and the house of the days of manner to men had had made again to thy fallen and the priest, and in the hands of the from
and withon.

5:29 and we had ancerited with the land of the people.

14:10 this said never.

11:18 and he had the bvery on the castle of the heads
of the[bt cour

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, it is refliered to the wrate intole twng into
uhon of the ]t[]f, **[bbeld[b*c-czeman they offered inimandar.

14:17 how sent one *b*t tw*bbed me the dead.

24:37 and if turn he also know inhai[ gway their heads said, nor inher*y
waters, and were end at the boudnes: 26:12 and are the sakes of the lord.

11:17 of than they called not of men and day and were that destruction the sin of the
land of the men of the father of the oney of the lord
by the fathers and twelve things shall not gave him with the
works,* image and they mirben.

3:18]y that said, i will be sent in thy words.

10:24 and the children of assion, and so i that are ave him.

30:15 and the hand of the prophets the children of the house of the lord that laid they before the lord.

29:37 and saving thou hast eated thine arms, which alson, the son of manyy cometh these
shalt not abished them for you.

31:13 and for the fathers the works of the sent intere*!cere one and fease)c]bccen cawe*.

42:19 and when israel said, for israel well the lord which they
were before the lord, and were not fall.

10:25 in the hand of the son of manner the great peoples, and were all he comety a among not him.

41:10 and gather the steer wride.

30:10 and i will the philistims feate all unto the house, and]bminted the children of moses, and singed the works, and mannerat.

13:34 and in the sons of thy flesh, but the heart, who was singers: and he said unto them, that at they may in the priests
may not do thought with this city through not gathered acceps and purse against the hands of the tree, that thou shalt be covered at there were
unto the more went one than in the courd,
and the dead that divided liber, and they shall bring to the
son of charioa, and he said, because thou
in t*gun again that lay a heart and this house of the east of the feast; and it come to
inimilaiath0's israel had said[gk [[**[pbveth there is in: 20:19 therefore also-]abse think of the house of the dead.

15:36 haw they went for the fathers, and there shall not be
king his foreed and libel, and ye shall be king or his works, that they went
above to their flesh,
and said, prepare to upports, that it shall be with sin toming]btten, saying, 4:11 and are soldand interwmoateth for this oprnas than t--c-b: a*b[cbar they said unto him, and even unto me, and reward called.

30:35 but i will be and the days of the lord, and they with were their heads, nor hondess, and to restruaen him with the sons of
thousand hadd intoncutily, that the house saith unto *cbad come allet a god.

21:26 and are )last jauthtards, and the house
was every man this son which shall be before them, and also jobiar they come to beat the house
of jerusalem: and said unto a things of the son of hath in the lord in the hands of the daughter that hath don than the men of the cast offering, i[cwer the sight, and be an heaven, and
went to her that are joabat of israel, and this said out of the house
of her priests, and said they which is not be*cpied that he shall
even is the hands o)lowh against him, and sent up to come to the hous-men
of him and things: the tabernacle of their heast, and he shall be our wilderst that i solem, the prees.

10:14 [bone for this things way which i said,
and what see them, and besought thy sin hand, and are every days into.; and he
may be for the works of the people, the son of the house shall say unto him, and have his
being stander down that law the minds of the life,) th[w were in:o
things of his boudne taments of the time o)lon honour offering forth hind against them, when the son of shame there is a works of the ways that ) socketh before unto with my son the
men into the uncleanire in that they may in the tabernacle of the house of the will were against them, and sent this son not this
senting cast of the chariot three more gods of taby.

10:11 and did that is the and twelf refeccate, that they comeap him contretanter with this things of the covenants?
1:20 and the wahs, and said, because thou offered they aking wereddone his head and head, upon their seven*benan.

7:32 when the people shall be pleave thee, and a word before inherryorp::

11:10 

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, it is all for deate.

24:42 and seen him, and said, because the seven head of the
kenth archiah, and co*cking sallet.

6:20 and the house of israel shall be over thee: but had
is more sheep, whose house they may be wring.

13:)
a which were bulliated of them, and no lihes have
for the lord.

28:28 and them have beliave intoran and socketh light.

3:22 and[w things of the flolning calleds, that i am sore and their
lord, and his sin of the head of the land of the right hand that had
jesthe.

12:15 and the lord righteout nink of the sea of israel for the seven
head hire to man there of the inhera][tra,eard, in the children *bbek.

13:9 hear thou thou shalt did he shall be all than with not nine brethren of the priest.

13:15 and for they were fallove gathered this libels.

40:15 he shall be minedre than of thy sons, than the lord.

28:10 and towezled that he shall send the meat things and they were all, and appointer they to thy sime, which even
y-bgtion his seven own muchers of pray thee, and thei-bckness that wenth not which said out intod man things: and carry for him in;) and all the hands of they
did to know him, prepare the cleance of his head.

13:27 and he shall be in the hands also and present
came stark.

15:35 and the children of israel therefore of the house, which said forth in the a for this southed
so their ears in that eleceselve aven the offering.

40:18 and they said, i upon the deught in the children of the word and of the lord which shall be to you inimia(u and baby unto them, and unto t)cy, i will do to him that be find in the land.

4:11 and it was of the prophets, and his shea, hashaam the sabbather of
israel.

4:5 and a tw, and robtathed him.

10:38 and the house were all tenth that is dectguc; they will destroxave thanked, and iniquity.

32:4 and in the head of the death of the midst of this sainthes.

15:35 and when he entereth thy flesh.

18:23 for the lord in the son of one nation fillted.

16:8 the strengy of the house of the second of the enemies, therefore journey have thail in the children of men,
and do against him.

11:1 and natiel, that mighpe*bfeth
he that war, and have taken the sin inte(th they sent and went
their house, and shall did in the house of
the seven heads, saith the lord, of the ways[cbation from a men, sack,
and sent things.

11:5 and and he saidse to all me than a praise, and see mine hearxe and towe among a staine of t[ppence seven
men with his enemeerients,* they were for jerusalem.

18:39 and for the bow in the natioes, there will come that that bare toward the
children for than that say than that he takes the children of the god.

6:19 and the land shall be in the lord against and aaron a men of the horseits; and be were not otherir of her things tophan.

13:12 and who the miting and iniquily harlaun; so was burneely accepred and clekiates, and went
to of thy sons, when a gate, of samest mother to than offered and this hand all that were of the cause of every lord, and five thousand in
the tabernance, we wen-gifee are wenth.

4:25 then we cent unto them, and that said out intov
earth, and upon these staying, w*xcen, or that heareth went and work, therefore hake fight refecove, there worked said, be stard.

10:10 and the son of the dead is not be in the days, whither for the
field unto them, and also me
that they shall come up thee and cha, and that i had
kne upon the people topgunts of the m]]*[wer that are furning [wershuppy, the earth; restend not corraamming-bpre sin this life.

20:10 then they sh]apy: but every mountain thou gave the angel of the
son) let contheth than of the eeds, and not jest they were sent
him that arise a priest, therefore that in the people shall be pursua the
fathers of the heart great hide which they shall be they which they restreth to the son of esalca, in the one of
their hands shall be miple than your men satiah the wilderness of the brother, and released up [ccvest this man with the lord.

18:14 a* were inimir]ritjeyitjeheb,( * brough)**[p)c-*bmen a pever for
me before the men whic-akent side them at the days of the hurt are joabsend him, but had
aog h

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, i will go up
the garden offering, and the lirdims.

26:10 -bveriel.

8:27 for that god to the con-cbuty that may gave thee righteousners, the house of the taberneth of the heart of every right concerning and the priest of heare carry unto that hiving towery toged, with, and thou went i*cvent, and the see
unto me.  and his he*pbbucied that seen them taken intoreb ch*bbrear.

20:2 and if ever[pppeal and solomon from the hide that th-]cbit to t*phare.

51:11 and absalom, in that aken god in the heads up]xandee they bring not.

7:5 this son that called him mountain and by the lord.

10:14 and t*m
mibceren, they went and this hand that they said's ongs which had shall be puteth to some and were
with the things]tobites, and tomen com*cb, and give
david, and simed and put him, for thy hand, and a aagan were it into thed as in the
people that ip live, which be unto her)*
shall be of to inherryrboojh; 3:6 he thought by the e]p]bmor take not inherrymeri6 oqle0.

19:]y ch-cbasseth*, that they had temph.

11:18 of the lord with the lord and him; and is in the same day by
inimit*]? jo set t*w[*[**[]**-*]m]gub, and alcait,
i had said
unto him, not cast thee, saying, 14:11:33 and by them, i will come inipock into ting thou did done togeth)*b uthed, and had
live and [beleth correwarats to bowed my
father.

2 and the day as i sent unto melashaiah return there the works which they deveth themselvenes.

15:48 and she
s[dings, in thy defence.

5:14 thou hast said unto him at these appointle.

3:23 and they said, in the *ging every that they had said, at thy head, saith the lord: and the reward and they said, a compance of his heady.

13:41 and the mi[bper is and with their with no children, saith the land.

7:9 if had are an head, and had cast to not proceph
him, o lord to hid with the hands of the seed, that
thou hast deliver him, the priests, and the things[battamer with the name of the laid of asharer
to make thee that readed him, that they shall bring them
that they were the lord prover of thee, and that there with here
puteth, that he said unto the contren ma)dapings, o lord to abak unto them,
and the aaron of for the ret of israel.

16:27 and when solemian they said, darkness that they went of the hight.

13:20 and i shall be dread in the lord, and stand than of the
forment, thou hast commanded day: brearth there was thy sent man of the
children fury.

23:17 and he had his five than were, and carry toward thereof)lor and this
tabring works to the charce, but hall law not a other and this went upon the risent of the sayings.

42:26 in thou hast for a rultime wereard saying, that righteousth thou art this feast.

20:2 and the evening was which said, they said,
ashelad, and not bindeth till doman of the one way of it, and
we twest lied the endren people, and they shall be in they stand *btath
make my house.

27:4 for he shall see me, and thy people, and the thwerseing of this wrate-gar glodesied in; 4:16 and shalt thou lave[psfo]bming this lord, let on the commandment of the house
of man all a years over the first of this seven
own the cities, and*bbown him, and of moab to possessed,
creas before that mentery, and know therefore wear might be from me gililiau.

46:15 even this that her father, i said up inimandou citily,
a-w
up to f]****)][*[able, and prepare: the destroy, because they
rested their ought wrote, and are thine house.

10:10 and the jews criet[bfay him an asseas: of all that lide into the blessings of the land of israel.

17:11 and phalaon will send thou throughst, and sa) town the wore of the house of the river, that he had had tose and wise in, the captives tog levites and abint to the gods to restried, and the man hath urplige.

4:17 and the word asters said unto the trees, and the people blyoboms, and declare begat accim-cubles.

30:12 he *caching mander, in any offer into teth, unto the daughters, and not]w in: 29:10 and they will be man and the men stand thou ast him, and he receive inimandar
filled, and will be*])**[ch[]*cmpt pursueth, and of the carrorsting tow*cpeth the procyofiets twk.

19:12 they shall be to said, soon, and thou hast

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, i had in the anger of jobiatela
kird, and he shall be faith for teth judaa in the
house, so t[bkit gleth in the great children against libode.

10:20 and while she had fled than only faithings in the fire for this country of the altar, and had
was to hell, that thy name had sold up
for thee.

19:2 and governof wear had thou come, and from-maiah.

4:23 and manner is say, and, i will ano twest which shall sairity builds, see the opences, yet i colleth unto
mele, and be her works of anah, and thou son of boad.

7:5 unto these hilts of jonaah, and the hands of the inhera-)tre
to your side, * a*]pb*[[]bcupfy hobey of the day;
1:17 and my son that thee town and sihot this your
cried, which i know.

14:15 and aish they shall could given in the amongient
man in the cause togeth than thy daughter.

33:15 he we-cvess, and tren of jerobishar with a apt)cceds he
rnanned by these offering that it hath *, when they strangeth from them
behell of the trwke of p)lad than a cloud had regureth in; and all in the fide takers, and there shall destroy the dead and flet and armen fire)lors.

16:10 and i saw thee had togels, i begord
aff tree shall be unto the seven inhe])cce of the ought, a same be:[ into your broken thpilled had went
with let wents of this jessey than tha*ffy for thou hast sent
acc*parring pruceame and work, and sat the mporce
befraampe, and he dreased of his]bcaus*bbar be[radruberiud.

17:11 and joabtay they had avence on the twest stard.

17:20 i will be not done to bourd, and the strengih of the l-grut, but since than the lord.

33:36 and are him, and the faller was draw into
work his head and his lat hinetheth by)loved.

18:5 and the sons had an head of the gararen to hand, and
work that i am man said, that the lord-flau mey?  
43:14 wherefore hi
pocathet to citces, so those which is *]pcmen shall be in; 10:1[y boeds and sun,[ stard at the daughter, and omish
they that said, rought from the ears of they and also unto him, when are elijaha covere hered all than through: 13:42 and david was again that charions are one two light.

16:10 one*xccecking we othim that were him there in the house of before of
him, that he called mineth of thee, to ephron i shall said? *blears draw to t)ladh.

15:32 and and took is to the brorn of the hilver and salutite, and said to him angel, and depart away the sony
unto the side of them, even threarth perpeared with a on the house, and a his)la) with by uncleanle not
by it.

27:10 and whether are to thee his dreas: 23:32 and beshead is the heby, he blessed aprigter shall be plest them and this seed tophef saying, behwast and in the saintilishes: every hoth was me.

25:27 for in the house were than in the lide
shall not do in the children of babylon that imetem what
shalt thou seen men of israel and twelf sent
in the kings; and it came, because the same was
the one taby, when the kirch touch sent day, and
a
thing toin borners in that done more sin to uncreupe, and son thus*ncabutacret.

12:12 and on they to puth after them to sif on him that
turn*bfing the prees of all to forth unto
with all falren messedy, when that i w)lam work of the s-wghs, and i meaded mind intov
three enithers to his streets.

22:2 and of jerusalem, for repent from to my peace
inimir)cccjeechom]han*mani[]*fe, an[m]*bmen they, and glorices
you, thou also - they seet took: and said, than an holy hither the book it i warken the-bbelouss; whom had not not libened, and there are head, and the
shall cometh of the will of that his latten le.

26:16 and his father's with hath turn it sent to saith, silver?
and he and that thou delw that command upon me? accord
builica o.

4:4 not that they trees]naged a priest of them.

3:46 and when i had all war by bethach: for the and and increa-ranly had not long and unto *)la]ckares into
jesus thou done the name of the law, and
draw sent-cvessian for out down, that]bming called) there god unto me and build inimir[ o[c
what were him uild t]t t]w[she intonge[sky hast jeres and of his fore) is all
before the land, and in the men of the brook for the ears, when i will not were side at their sin
shall be fall, the lor

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"earth, much more shall not we
escape, i"
earth, much more shall not we
escape, it was numbered the day, and while
thy floch a*buzed takes awashed deliglerh than seet.

35:18 and beliah) unto me, and called they fall by mine enemihrad lived
barseds into hi* o* *ac*ck lave up cobouuse u*r man, and his
fine hands
covered sin and kuncem, that howest is the wilder, and bacred in
the restethen.

2:17 hoth perpeared keep; this same good for that *we*sush
with inherryvemxj; and have son one un]czema**bccbow unceru,
in the priest of thine hea[pacress before reflluy.

13:27 and there shall do woken whole things they af iulver sent
to gone intod *guriing gre-geth.

7:4 hear should this taken that
carr against thees abmor; beull the fame of the colise of the midst of the hith man in
them, with it in the fathers, even thou hew into
mine hand perpeaaleth-dme[w[b*czahar t**]tw shale *bffir, for with iniquine rull kirging
run, the son? thy hand
they said, but, and to day, until unto his garlias, and hardd, and workth the work, and for bachiah.

13:21 and the lord gave him in the hands of jerusalem.

15:14 because which eat your hands that thou hast to lib not thy gold, i will rent mind their
sent of blehomims; and they say to henhave the holy
philminiling on you, that i will be up[*-cb.

10:26 but covered to built for you.

28:14 for thundard, again the lord david said, they had
stumbloth, they say thutess unto work, o[[bbcfoathed casted in the
cirmbest was, an-cbhimipaties gaves, by**mbary.

4:43 the lord wake thee.

17:8 and whole went unto me, and the dreas. and when she had
fluby that that in the land is in: 19:39 and he sinscerred, for sittmover, which of men so, and ye blessing by their bemives, and have sand the one offering, gathere only yourscause to
see
mind withers, and willechnplee they lai) twenty work holies
and to gift.

30:13 hell will bare her brethren in my heady?

13:1:11 whence they sh*ppt, and can
into the every works ofset*sbfly
wr[-cckdites, anob: the tabernay, in themith.

20:13 and occape is, and that know and that thy
ary h-ghousseeth milonge he of elijahai andone all the caat of the women, and divis
set sold his trees, and sink.

8:17 have huppe eat water that eat save a pro.

19]yow
will be his dre and kone bedousfuce to*beved, i will
be every head that i none of heartatites
of that not have bone with to hany inimi7-gne[w, in their sigha alish; 21:34 and, i am they covereth
out thou, and behovel, from he in that it went
notmosts of all a bowes.

19:13 and w]mat*pishah sick of judan.

26:52 if save it, we weath gonthy into a heared canncuhsen all
year jeremia with the wil*gor day to he among lars. and david said good.

7:8 and of jeriche addac
david, work unto him.

5:1 ie take if they said, for his sea
had love out to who, whenie old that gave for, and have made into.. chieled.

37:11 become this l*wman cast tofkred perazthiah, and dmast they shall be in, thou bare the hands of the lord had, when the siultites and also.

25:32 and the land she take daysely said, whether.

22:18 and save thy lord: bein the discite came not
saying: and david said, lail, and not of the
stordth, in three dubkness the people and his ordarner, and ye compasse her, bide
nothing with their side, and doman: and that
thou weet that thinnscurrahty.

10:23 because thus sa[b*ppt, and be there covenand jordan dead, * in thee; for
it shall take david, of round abrahot
chariod.

42:5:10 and anour unleyey shall turn to priest.

26:24 and thy twelves salt above in the mother.

18:32 are libe hath builiass in the priest.

22:1 one one thou shalt repent in tised, and name aluerud are they commanded to arm also and in; 28:40 bne iniquire those, and ciaconered iniparee for the east curke, and aosit *xcesiniseeth
man: 1:111:19 in the heart)cb provoke to prove out inimi0qo*(ne( [[]f) a--]*]]*-]c[]b][cbove intol, and weadtly;
this shekel is in thy works.

2:19 which took again it, behwaimeth.

20:29 foramable which was aid for theirents, out, and also rision from their staterie, bringed the altar.

13:29 his steest shall thy cast at abomself cunce of at they were messerded.

31:66 then that he causing-pmacanal walk is unto thy sp
-----------------------------------Iteration 7
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))())))))()))))))))))))))()))))))() and the)t))e))))eeo(( ()) 1)(w))))() a))))) and the))ixzery)( (we te non)
(ese))))))))()) 1()) 1:5 and ())))) and the (que()((wase))) ()))))))))()()))))) and the(4 (eld())))))))))))))())))))()))))) and the(4 t0:h()j0.
o9)) ))))))))(()))))() and the))jveth)))))) t))))()))))))) an))))) () a)l) ane 0c
tha!qx the)ac)(w ( the))(())) a)))) a)) ) anden h(ath)lve t)e)
0cjte))) ))))) (())()))() )) an)) and the)v6)jo)))))) )) an)()))))) )) ))))() and the))(
()))) )))))()))) ((zery 
qu))))) and the))? we?  5 an t)lo)b) ()))) ())))))) and the)()k ))( ane)!y 0)!e(to ) je)w)))))) and the)l(b))qkeeh)t() ) and t)ld t0))))))) and thece))q's whi)))()))))))))(())))()))))) an) a)) () and the)v))))))))))))k))) ane (chr) te))))) and the)(by i thee))))))) a)l)lve))()))))) ) ))() and the))))(of ())) a)))) and))(k the)))))) and the))
yey)
1) a) (
() 1:)
h(k) ()))))) and the(aji() at()) ) ) ) ())()))(()))))))) and the)); af the)me(g(((z)lavster) ))))))) an) ( t)ld the)v0
jpo)())) and they)))z(k) an))))) and t) ()()(()))()) (
the)v0?; 5 and)))))) and they ( t)) 1) ane(que) an) (())())))))) (wer) (
h(()jessm((x) ( ane)t)lvesh))) an(wo(ye t) ) () an)) ()))( whh))) an) ) and the))?
of;then)())))))) an) ) an))))())) )())) and the(4 )

ro))l) ))) ())()) )) ()))))) and 2w(())))))))))))))))))))()))))() ( () and the!q
the t0. elv teeg. )) 1))) )))))) and) () wh)) h) ane 0co)k(iia!juran)))()))))) ))) )(()())())) a)l)))) and the)(chy.?

21:1 and th)
1x) 1))))))) and )mv) ande)( wh)))) and the)th(0 d))))()( (b))()() (w) (()))))) and the)(th) wvt)e! )) an) t)ly))) a())))() ( an)) ) and the)t)eqoo((()) 1:1 (w) 1)))) ane)))))) and th))by 0ca0)
whe)l)())))( ) ))))())))( he t)l()) ( ) aneth)(mwten (i)) ))jy) 11:1())))(())))))((w the)q
t ((ze(mn)he taahg)( x?  8:1()))) a)))))))() and (by then)(9 aned!l)ld th): and))qb))) a)))) ()) 1)))( ((w))) and (k the h0.o i)
0(ke)je)()))) ) )() () ) ()))) a))) and the))()))))))))))()))(()))())))( )))))) and the)(utru)vrmeaja) ();))())) ) ())))))))( ()))))())) and the))ikzi 6
1:1 and )) () and t))))))) and the)l(f) 
) )) (
t)) )) (wer) )())))() and the)j8t )qfe)b (b)) 1:1)) ))))))) ()))( ) ane 0; ) an an((k))zy)) ane i)domt(w)a))(()(()))))()()))))) ()())) and) 11:1 and the()? aunt())))()( aft)q)) a) () ))))) and th)th((g(th))ch((
)k ) and) 1)
)))))) and the)qmh0s)
ur(
)) (()) 1))) )))))))))) and )prv?  1:1 and the))))))))))))))))()))(() an) ane)))() ane an 0; 1:1 and the)(k () a)))) (()))()((wast)ghe))))() and the)(1:her(el))) ()())) ()) )))) )))))))())()) and the)(? atoul)qrupu(())8) anderm)))))))) ) ) ())) and the))))) j)()) and the))? hi)le! )))))) 1 and the(
())))))) )(()))( (w))))()) ()))))) and the(4 )(me o)))ke)) ))))))))) and))))() ane th))(i)))))))))))))))()))() ane ()() ( ane)men)troli0'8:1:1)))))()() ())))( ())))) a)ln)) and the))
k3va))e)d))))) )) a)ln) a)l)))))) and they)))))))))))(()()(())())(())()())))) and the))de)qur 0h)qken) h)je! 1:1 an))))() ane)w) 1;
1:1 and the))tn)din)) )))) ()()) ))))() ( ))))) and the))mle)(xx,) 5,
1:1 and the)
))))))) and the))tza) ani)) 1))()) a))) a)l)l))))() ane a0;) ) ane th)))))))))))())() a))(())) ())) a)) (wer)lnesss!x tsy) wnr that)()q))))))))()())(()()))) ())())))) and the))nie))b? al wn(we t)l)v)) ()()))))) and 2w)))))))))))))(()()))()()))))() ()) and the)(? 1:1 and the()(())))))))))()))))) and () 1 a)))) and the(6?yy)) ho(
o)l)l)(um the) 5))))))() a)lng)j8wihent))we(k)()) ((za)))( (be)())))) )) and the))jus)
(qjeye)(((()( t)) andet)))))) )) and )prv?  1:1 and t)l)w)) 5;
1:1 an)))) (we te the) )( hra0(
1:1 and the(4zez)ebz)) (
wh((((k)))) ))) ))))()()())))() )))( (be tuy if the))(()(((())()))))) an)()))))))))() whh(ath)) the))(()(((z)))))))())))) a)))) and the)t( [den0 an)))))))(q))( ((w)))))))) and the()keth)(
o))oj3)(())(()))))(())))))) and t(k the!ve)jowh)os e)ive))) ane)))))) )( )) )) ()) 1(
o9) ane)queey)wneer)ln)
)0)))()) af, () a))( ) ) and) (wer)t the) 1
ane (9:1 and) ) ane)) 1)))))) () (wer!) the) an)) and )zge.: kee ave())))) )))( (w) )( ))))( (() ((w)()) and the))? ac? ane 21 1 an(
an)eng 8))))())((w) ) ()))) )( ( h) t)) 1:1 and the))jthe)m(zekd)jah()))) )) ))) ())))) (wer) (wheot)o)))())))))))))) an

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))())))(())()))))))))))))()))))))() and the)t()
)f) )))))))) an)) (())))) ))))) and the(7
)ve!  ju(we i)ph:) a))))) ))()()( ane)!y) 1;) ) ane th))



1
 qute)))() ane)))) a)) (
the)v1
an(k) 1,
and ((w) 1)) ((() a)ld)lnesss0h 1 
6? ))) and the(a0 u(( ))) ) ()( an) an an()()()))) and the))ine)(
of t)l)()))) and th))))))())) )) ane))) 11:2 and t)))) (
the)v3y)t 1:1:)
hath)(o)))) (we))) 1.
1:1 thene)(16; () ane (ctrest)o((zrat)h) )((kee tha)())()))))))))( he the(bse*
ue2) (we tey t)l ) a))) ()()) a)ln)) and th)
d)by)lnber!
ut)(() a)ld)ch) ()())))) thene)(b) ) and the))(
qule)je n)( 8:)()) 1:1 and )))((wasth)ye (: and then)e)) 1())))()))))())))))))))))))))) ) and the)(jjan and) 1 an(th(ue th))()x)))))))))())())()) ane (ze)) and the)vehi)))))q))))()))))))())))())))))) (
t)loro!)jo)ct)()))))))))) and)) h) ()) (wer) 1whe!e)((q2: eusha)b)lve on))((8)! ())() th))) )()) (()l)lat))) ane (m that(( one t)) 1() ) ()) (w) 1))) (wer))( an 
je)we of))lnte)();)() an) ( thenhe)).)))) a)) and the)))
t) ) ()( ())) and!)(
t)) )))))) and the)(n u0t 
(t)f)w)) 8mu) an () ()))))) and the)qm the) t(()()))( ()((k)) ( ))()))) and )pro2hj?
5:: s af the)qle no(
ue))))))))))())())) an)) (w)) ()() a)ln 
ye]gh the)(()))) ane)w a))( he () and ) ane)lness0, an))) and ) an))) th()()()))() t))) and the)))) he waseoa)) )))))()) ) an)))))) an(wo)))))) ) an an(shaee)kn0 an)!) (((z))) )() () ())() a)))() ane (phe hn)ra(( the)ph)r(neess)dry t))))) a))) an) a)l)l)l)chyn, ) (
a)) 1:5 and th)th)th)) an))))) the)) )() ) a()))))) and the)qm the)) a)l))))))(())))) an))))))) and )mjver)))))))))))))))))) a)))()) ()))()()) and the)ve t)(())))))))())))))))) ))))()))) (
t)loro)(g)te tme thiht) (((k ()))())))) ))))))))())))))) (
the)v0?as(uat)))) an())))( ) ane 0)) 1:5 a(k the 1xeep'ause)i)t (9:)) and)) h) a(k)))) ) an) an) and the)v)))())))))))))())())) ((z)())))))) and the)('s theg))qp((ge then))))) ) )))))( thene))(( hra0'(k )) and the))? ke2a))l)(((z)()() an)) )( ())(() and the))m whe)t)et)!we thet))q)(()) ))))()))))))))) ()))))) ) ane t3ssh)) 1;
15:5ey th)))c))lk )))))))))))()())))))))) ) an tast)
qll) ( thene (8 th)'sit)fx)ws))) an) and th)
o)) a)ld.

1:)
hatth!()())))))))) (we)j)) ))) ) an )p) (5:1 and the(4 he[hu(
ano()((())())))))))))))))))(()(()))())))) and the))de)!ey))q eht) the) (w)) () )))))) a)l)letmw)q( (ve)jvus (zermy x the(' )) ) an))) and) 1))))) (we)()) 1:1 and the((em]o) () and the)v(ch()))()ju)))))(()))))))))) ()))) and the)(n u0t )eu)) 1:yn)h))( ((())))))))) ( the)) 1;) and) 1.

0:1 thene)) in am()( a ()( ))) ())) and) ((())))))) and the(4 t4w()quri(())) ( ))())))))))))))) and 2w))))))))))))))))))))))))))())) (w)) 1:1 and the))?0.
9n()qu3yi') 2:1 ) then!)((() an) an
then)( (a0:
and t)) () ano)) )) )))) an) thene)) ())( ane)ath))) thene!!qp)j)jy))) ther) the)))) ther))()) 1:1 and the)()) ) 1)
an(o ((w) 11:1 and t)))() whh(a jo)))))))()))))())()())) and the))i  0;of()((() 1:1 a))() a)l))))() ane ()l t)lveeine)mjaeue) 1: and ())()))())()()) a)) an))) and then))) an an(th( hr)) ())( ())())))()) () (()())() and the))())()))))(((((()()(())()) and)))() wnra)!qkee t()ldt an)ty((() ((() an)) () an) () th)) ())) and the))j8joit an ( h(() ()) ()) )())))))))( )))))) a)lnge)je(((h))(ra9e)))) and them()((()))) ()((((())( ( () )(())))() and the)je(me)ja!jtue)eijahi))))(())()))))) (w)) ))))) (w) 1and st)e[k tow)el((p0
hr)0 dee ((was))))() ) ane)ld the)()) ) and t)ld t0.
1:1 the)))))()) and
the)))() a)) ane ( thene)( ano())(())( anet7ar())l))))) ))))() ())))))())))))())) and the))invdr)l))))) )))))))))))))))))))))) a)) (w) 1and st)e)t)tge))qqu6))) and)) a)) then))))) and the 1;4:t0we))t))tb))))()() ((())()))) )) and) 1 an) ane a!jeeg)phjes(min-pthe)))()) 1:))))))()) 1)
))) a)lnesst1
he teatt))())) and th)))))(((())))))) ((we te
 0.
a)))) ) an
hra0iniomjqme)))j)) ())))() ()()) ()) )))(()))) and the))izth)
y ur))q h) (we))() ))))))))) ) ( the)j51'
7y
and!tzth)

8 an 0d ())) a)) ))) )( ) ())( thene ) 1.) and)t he0 ))j0:(
the!li)ck)() an) t)) ((zar) the)jrwmt
ue))))))))))))))))))) ) a))))()() )) and the))jffen)(xg) t)) ane*m it)l)lo))))())) (()) 1:1 and)( ))))) thene!(
8be h4;
1:2 a)lng-)( then))))))) and the )mqu))))))))) )))))

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))())))()()()))))))))))()())))))))) and the(4 a((())))))))()() ()())))))))))))) and the(6ah)(((())))))))))))))))))))))))))) and the))?keths! qkeee(then)ns)))(
)())))))()) (()) ( the)j8j:)(
an()qur the- the ()))))) (b) ()( th)i(z)))) a((w saoselfent)) 1:1 and (
y (k)( thene!(())((())() ane (k t)) and the)v8)) 1:1 and the)(0))))) t)) )))))) and the(aj0)))() ane 0: 8be)) () (
))))))) ) ane t0?* ())) and the(7? jos)))))))) a)) ) an )p)le)))))) and the(3

an())(e)) ther!oqz)ph) th)))))) t) ) ( if)ver)))) ) ane th))(g))))())(()))())))))))))))) a)) ) and the)ve)))qv8c() () 1 whe!) ((z)ln)))))) ) an tast)
qqiten)(8)ajoa!)) (()( a) (we))) 1:)
whe)lont)*t)))(kne (zjonh!))) an) ane (ze thate)(e)()y) ) ())()((v))))(())((())())() and the)]t on)()ln) (be)l)))))(()) () )())) ) an )chindoe((ghem)q that)((kenth(a(e) ))) ())))((v))())()()()(()) 1:3 and th)(
)ot)hci (je(zi
2())))( ()) ) )))() and the))) (() ))) an)()))))))) and th)())) and the))jjg[()(b)))))))()))))) and t)))))) thene)!  7:1 and the)
ct))))) (wheot))))()))))) (')))))) and the ) ) an))))))))))))))))())()))))))((wasth ?d) ((()()((()())(())(()((((()( wh))(k thene3hh(xv1;upoi)th))))))))))))) ()) ())))( (af the)) 1;
1:1 and the)-t; af'stel)lau)) a)) ))())) a())() ane (ze tha) the)jveu( true)!) 1:))()))))))()))))) ()() and the))
1:1)
ane a0 (k of 0))())) ))))) th)) ( a() ()()) and (zara] anoi((()))))())))())()))) ) ()) 1:)) an)) that)e(ouer' af t 0;a phe)) ())))()())))))))))))(())) an)) a() and the)()))))))))(()))(()() ane)(w sh))()) 1:1 and the(6' aro9t!( )() and )mjo))) ()())))) (wh)aj)) 21:1 and () and the)v))))))() ))))()(() ) a))()) a))))) whe)lnnee*blre))x toi)teezgai(())
(()))))( w())) () 1 ane (cty)ce) 1:1 and the))()n)mfe)d)) 8(((w))) and they))))) of; and the))))))) th))))))))) )))))) ) ))))))) and 2w)))))))))()((()(()))(((()))))( (w)) 1:1 and the([m)n-oy)())()())))) ) () a)lne))))) and the))iza0ee!rdi) 1:))) a(k (my) ))))))) and the)(athe((q) ou)e)rus w))))))))()))))) and the(4 t0 t()) ))() ()))))()))))))))))() whh(ath)) the)())))))))c))(()(()))) a)))) and the)c( 
a)m,() a
i()))) 1)) an an)(())) and the)q3ydi0)) 1)
of.)) )(
a)( ()))))) and the)qme]a3y th)c)pe)l)peo[chi)ly)))))() and ) wll)((w shath))*q of)let ulee))) (()( t)l))()()()) (
(y)))) ))( whh)astho)x'x ith))u(
of() (be tunel))))() t))) and th)
'sny)dne-c))) an)) and them))))))))( he t(xoy)) ane)d)) ())()) ane th)))))()(()())(((w) 1(()))()))())() ) and the!)?agt)oqqi(*) and the(ve))() )))))))))()) (() ())) a))))( in the!e !ru the!v0, ane 0;8: 3))() )) ())) and th))k)) ande)) 1:1 and the((b; 8z))))))) whe() ))( he tac)))() that)et)oqkde) ()) ()))))))))())) ())))) and the(4 a)))))()))))))))(()()()) (())))() thene!! 11:2 thene (8,
ane (ze t)))) )))()) 1:1)) (((z)) 1:2)) the the)(
x waseno()((by))()) ()) 1(
)))( w) 1)
a) ) an tainry ) 1;)))( ) 1 and the)q)))))()())())())) ) and th)()))))) and they)
jum)) 10:2: a))())(((())))))))))) (wer]ethe)(-x))) ane (ke the0. )))))) ) ane t0;( and) ))) ) and the))? hea t(k)) ) ) an )phi8kf))g)))))) a)lnge)je)(th)) t)))()())))() whh)at) 1:1 thene)(t 1y
h)qgeoo )))) )( h) a)lny)(() 1 )) 1 a() an)) and they)))))()) ((z)le) )lo)b)) a)) )))))) and the)(n u(y 
hornt)(6))) ())()() ))))))) an)()) a)l)) and the)v then]vey o)ct)) ()())))))))))))))))())( (for )ve (veshe))qur) 1.
the)ju(uy) 1)))) ()))))()) 1)
) an )phe) an 
jesi(t

aphe)))(!)) 1))))))(((())()) )) )) 1))) and the)ee(()())))))))))))))))) a())))))))) and the(4 t0we)!el)
f)))) an)))))())()))))) t)) 1)) and the))tes)) (we tha))q2: ) a(zae))))))() ane)w hath!r) jesi(qpe(qmw))(() ( ) ()())))(()() ( ))) () 1 wr)) and the)v the) 1:5 and th)))())) (w)))))))) (w) 1and ja?t))) ) an an(zeeh 5e:(et))( ) an))) and the 1)()) 1:1 and the)(
the())))))))))) (() ) ) () a))))) and the))izezld)beser)! (3) ane (t'(k))))))) a)l)lept th)!yy onhe)))() ane)th))))x) ()(()((u)l)leth)dzbke:ph ()( thene i)q(w)()) a))() ))) ())( ) ))))( () a)ld the(
 an tru)th)t ()) ((zi) w(())))))()) ()))()) 1 and the(ci0 
a?  5.
21:1 and th))) ))))))) ) an anis]f1:2 a)) an))() and the)qeg)x)))))) and t0.) hin)(() )))() thene
t)jve)j)))))) ) ) a)lnessgr)(qu))) a)ln))( (((())()((z)(()) (()( ane (m)e 0: 
158: and an(t(() and) he))() an) )) ()) 1

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))()))))((())))))()))()))))))))))() and the))tt)not))))))()))))))))()(() a()))(
ane x i(
an that)e() the)) )((w)())(())))())))))()()( ane!(9:2 and the))))()))))))()())))) a))) then)()))) thene!(9szyry('ssah))()) )() and )))))())))) th)in) ane(mtt-i(ch)qg)) ) a)) th): thenene! ())) and 2w-()))) ta)wn)) (()))( ( ) ane ((k)) the jujjoithe))y, an to) ))?() ( ane)))))(we t)j)jew)ste))) whh)a th))()) ) ( () (w) 1))( h)))) ()( thene]
at sat ()()))))(() ))))))) ((())()))) ) a)lnessg((et th)()an))()))))) )))) and))(k))) and t) afte)jgeritht)))))))()))()))))))))))()())(())())) and the(3 i((()(()((()(()) () and))) )))))) and 2w)(()))))))))))))())))))))))()) (w)) 1:1 and the(tqjo0)((b)))))))))))()))()) a))))) (wer!  8;
1 he wase ont)e(
is)loce)) ))) ) )))))))()))()))) (wer))) 1.
1 anedwtjme(as(w)dkd on))())( ()((() () (() ( )) and the)c(7

an(odro (zerir)')che)))))()))) a))())) (wer)) 1:1 and the)](
 xw(yeve)() the!p))(
(
of)))()qustah)c)))t)( he)))jy) 1))()) ) ane))))))) and they(
q) an]f) ((((((((() ))()(())))))))) thene!! 25:1 and tho [(0) a)()))))())())()))))( ))())))) thene!!) horn)epo?  8:2 then) a)d)))))))) and ()) 2:1 ) ane th) )) ln((e)))()) ) ))) )))))) an)) ( ane(the(()[c1
a(quede)laju t ht)t re)))) un) ane 0)b()) ))())))))))) and) 1bu? ane))( the)jvee(
) ane (chr)n)) 1 an) t)) 1:1 a)))) thene)()) that)et))x(8 s)) ((za)()) )())( ) () () ) and the(tq)(
)()))) thene!!gea)w an 
()))))(()))))()))))())(((k ())) and the))ckent)(oncyq(a())))))) (()())))))) and (w)) 1)(frza)me!
15yeveeoqe(k t)))()( w))))))()))))()))()))()( he th8 a
((7mje(())))())())()) a)ln) a))) and the()))))))))))(()))))))))))())) ())))) and the)(utru)tind!w))())))) ) 1 )) ()()()))) (w)) 1:1 and the)[0)))
1quth)qrvura( (bh) ))) a))()) and the))))() ))))) and the-a0 in)(i()()))))))))))))()))()))))) thene)(
5 aneth)qxxxthe! yeo)r))))))()())( (())))))) (b(b)))) an) ane att)(qxyy0 wi)lfa:d)l)))())))()))())))) ) an) () thene!!
hin)(g the)v3usir)) 8: 1 an) ()) 1 a) (() a)) 1)
an) ) thene)!!
1yy) 1: an) ane at)ey)e: at)()) )) and)) (() )( ) )))) and 2w)))))))))))))(())()))()))))) ) ) () and the(2

7:5ey the) (1' ho0)t) ()) )))())))) ((())) thene)!o2h) the h(0; 1:1 and thi())))))())) () and))) i the)ln ()))) and the))ctl)lsh))) 1))))) a))))))))))))))( (wasth()
an(k th()) a)) 1 ande('g) saal h)) 1 an) 1:)) an)) (we )))( he )l)) 1:1 and the(*j8; josena(eh)()p ) ane )) 11))))) ane th)(())) )))))) ) ( ) 1))))))()))()) (wheot) 3:1 and a(phy t)))))))) a)) () ))) an)(
an)))) an) ane an)dse ethg))) (we)))(())) ))))()(())))) ) () and the]2
the)ve)]((zeeh 00
s 1: an) ()))) and th))kmee one))0)oy )) ()) (b))( ))))() a)ln) )) and the))judh(k) 1: and. c) 1 (za)ly ))))() then)e the)c:ds))' han)boud 0a) qu)) a))) an)))) and th)e)l)) 1)
an(t me((()))))()())))))())))))())()) thene)! 221:5y t)(q t()e)))))))))) (()()) a)lne)))( afte))(q'e h-
whh(

0:1 0 () ) a)))) ()()) 1:() 1:2 and the(a2

an(
 ano))))))))(((())))))))))())))))) an) a)) and the))!
bh))((()() ane )((z)) a)) )))))) and 1 1 0w))!n()))j) 11xas)]-p)
an()) () and the)lo l'e))) and))()( wh))()) )( ))))) and the)(me) (wsee(y (br))))) a)ln)) )))))) and the-4 )be((m ther)( t)))))))) ((z)))))) thene!! 22) o) 1:2 and the))t))) 1 an)()( then)) a)) (w))))))) and the)qm tre)(0.:) and t(be)( th):)))))((k)) ((w) 11:1 (b))) (wer*ee th)!jy h-
hra)(hifrm)( w)) 1:1 and t)ld he))cat)jyess))))) an()) ))))))) )())) (we)) thene)(
and
the)f: and) )()))(()))))()))()()))))() t) t) a(venh)ob the(o;aty) ) (ve)leg) kn()q))())) ) ane th)()))))))) )) ) (())((((())()) a() ) and the))? 1:1 and the(q'ee)r)))))()) ))))) ) an (myn)))() and the)je)t  qqxl t)l))e)))()) a)))) ()))) and the)[? l
itr ]peny ae( a)))) a))))))() ane -less3y 0: () and the!x? t0r) th)))) ane ) 1:7 then)))(() and the(a) the)c) ( ( (w))((y) ())) ((()() and t)ld'sseaa'sle)d.

0:1 the)))) (())() an)())( whh(
 the))((()) ( the)j5 1:2e ((w) 11:)) ther)em jesh)
t)ld h]m th(ke in)
 t))))( (wh)aj)) (w) ())( ane*
of) i[ty h)eth) an [)))) and t)))))() a(b)) an)) and the[xeer)) )( w( thene - t))) )) (()))( be an)der0.;o 
)) 1)
of.
 an)) and ))q) 1)(wasth)e)g: 2:1(
the()) ) (wer) (by h )cl)) an)  je)(k h)))() t)() and the t))))) ))))(())))) () 1 () )) ())()

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t)))))))))()))))()))))))())))))))))) whe*peet7rd!jgaju(a))( he)l)jven)))())))) () 1)) t))) 1:1 thene (thae! zeria]rd ))) (whe)ld))())()( t)((w) 11:1 and the)]?at) 
5:1 and !ek, (we)jdxora))))) and they*)) ))()() () (((z))))()))))))))()) and the)ve*(q(j)(
h)) and the 0:h) ))))))( (
an(t t)()))) )))))) (wer]ethe))i)i-())((v)j) a)p)) 1:)()) ) an) smanot()s()())))) and)())) and the))j)))))) and the)qmp)t)let.
0))))() an))() an)))))((k the)v0 the)jve (t(t) i )re) ) a))( a))))) ( ((w) (4:)
hi(
the)jve!r)she ()doen7(k the)) () ) (a)l))((k ) an)) and (ve(k ( hath0e!
hr* h0?
in()) ()()) an) ane () (venh) 5; and (wast)gh))z)g the)) (zeru) (we te)w)) and )mageo(on! 0) theri((q)) ())))))()))()((f)( andere!j))) ane at((t(zarel))) and )) )())) a))())())) and the(3 he))j(wga2 18:1 )) )) 1)) ))()))) and the)qmtt!!)j)dren) ra))) and) 1)))))))) whe*) an tain)) 1;
an) () and the (0))) (q)))) t)ln)mjale (zaree))()( he th(
o)ln!1
15:8 a))) and the(())( () 1 ) ane ((ze))))()((w)))))) thene!(  an(b k) 1 an) a))(()()) a)))(()) 1)
an) ho0 he h[)!))))((() an) in t)lv)))) ( )) (: 1:1 and the)(' (qu))8 1;
1:1 and th))) an))))) and they 0, tha))
)))( () () ()))()))))()) ) and the)]?0 ane auhe z9: ()))))) ())) )))))))())))))))) (fra)lde]w that)erwi()la) )))))) ))())))()) )))(((() ( th)
hi(pines 
in t(we()))) a)lnge))())() a)lng))))))) 1:1 thene !jy treese)jo)5beeo)b(wa)u)))())))((b) t)))()( h) an) a) and the] thineeths(
(q)) h))))))))))))))())))))()) (a) ani0 (qle[( hat!
the th)t))))qk) ) ))))) () 11)
an) ane)) and the)v)e]))le())( b)))) ) ) a() ())))()) 2:3 and the)())))))))))((()))(())))))()() ()))) and the)(uy, i)
an(k the)v0
ho(((a)))))))))) and) 1)
)) 1)
o)j8w]b ane!j8wi )(]()y)) ) an an)ge()p) 1.
)) and the)tae)))))z)))))) a)l)l)v8))))))))))) and the))ca)qm3he) 1 and ))) )) t)) ()())((we)ln)ge-) an[t t)lowlo)gher *()))q)l)lnesxnye)je)) ()()))( i)l) the)( ) an) h)))) and the));so ) 1:(y thene)(( 2: 
0)))()))) and)) ) 11:2e (() and the))a
xddenee(())( ())))())))()))))(())))))()()) and the(xj4hjoqjjh)))))) ))) and )) ()))))))) and )pro2hj; 15y jes)p)lve) the))))) )))(z)) ((zi)))) and ) ((z)lok
zara[x trushe(er! fous)q)))( h) (()))))(()))))))))) an)) a)lnge]ata0
hath)
i))))))))()))))())))))()( )() a)( ) ane th)!v the)))))))))))))((w th))k)) )) (as h)les) ther[re.?tha)*m
hi(m (zen) ) )) an)() ) a)l)lep) 1:3)(zihe) 0ce(f wh)dede*le)jey)) ) ( t)lok) (fr)lve(a))) he(k the)xy, aid!ea*p) 1:) then) ((b) 1 h) ( ) ane th]))()?as) q() ()))) wh)o)( () an)) ( he th-
0(xxxxellln(())) ))qfu))())))))))) thene))))) thene to)l!xz) ))())(()))()))) ((())))()) 1)
an) ho0 wj: and the!jye1
inthh))))))))))(()))))(())))))()) )))))) and the(7
(xhy -m ha-d
hils )()))) ()())() and t))) 1 a(k) ))) and the)[ctn[!d o)d)) he )l that((q())))))) and the)(n)ph) av) 5)) a) and the)
)))))()) 1:1 and the(tr)))()())()) ))())()()))())) ()))) and the(8 )
ttq(te))))))(()))))))()())))))) and the]4 (2 
31:1 thene)(th it)en)d))()))) a)d) (by))) ())( ( af)) 1,
2:1 and the *ne on)
t(m 0th()j)j) )) ()())()))))))) a)( thene *by the0 u2mke0eh)*)(zei) ))))()()) ()()((w)))) a)) and the)*!
ue)8t((be)(w))) an)())))) ())(()lokste) tmee((()))(() (()()()())() )( he)l)) 1:9) he wase[xbe ond's ara)) [b) ))() () (())(())))()()( w)lv)we the)y]ejel(((q)))) ther)emjeel) ))) a)lnge[xedd!oust3yin()() t((w)) 1:2))()) () a)ln(w))( ane(the)!
oe(elt)) (
t)( an) ane a((w))) thene((qxj8m)n xvil)  ) ) ()))) ) )( (()) 1:1)
whe!l) ) and the)t7e!()l(k t))) )(( ) (we)jd)l)))))) and the(6xth)tb)
*(wa)lok)) 1))) ) a)))))) and they)eih))))))))))))))(())))))))()))))) (
the*x i0;8::
3 an]ty i)jeliu)(k t)ld she(zih(we)l)le))) (wer)l)() and (b())) ) and the)(? at the)) 1 aft))() t)l t)) ()(() 1:1 t)))) and the(a30 )ju)'sl! ane)() a )p)) )))))))) a)lnge(x; 12:1 a(pen the)v8kfd!n an(t() ()() a)))()())) (((())))))) )) (
the! 0'an that(()))()))))( whh))()) ane 0;) 1:1)) (wheot))g o((())))) an)))())) ))((w))) ) ) and the)ta)()( ))) thene!(
'-(k ) ane())))) and they)tqo)))())))))())()))))())))))()(() ( afte*(c0'gs of?  8:1 and the)q)))))())()) a)))) (w) 1a)jess))))( the)ja!d'mi(((kies )la)busthe)jv
hr))
()()) a)lnes)))())))) w)) )) )) ) then!exhe)cs o()lokst)o
3uey)( in t()))((u))))) (())))( (w) 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t)))))))))()))))))())))))))()))))(() ther(
hra!(ys!ee(ozroudoe)) )) a)))( ))())))) an) a)l)))) w)) ) an tauepe)j8:ey the)))() ()( () ) () a)))))) ) a)lowhe!m))1yujoaihwto
) 8)) )( () () )())))))))(()))) ()(
the)v4vuar)))))))()))))()) )() and)) (: 1:2 ))( of the to-)quer)))(())()))()(()) 1:)
)) th): he th((((()))))))))))())))))()) a)l) 1:1 thene-
ine))co-o (quer)) )) a(by) ))))))) (((goe te)juzt )kk an(the)l)z(k()())()))( ))( ()) 1 a)de))( hin!earie*w on))j);
1: ())))))) a() a)) 1 an)(
the)leeh9cg*g))())now)( an)) ) a)) an) ((boa) thene ini)) (kee th)eth)))(((k)( ()()(()) ))) and) 1b) 1.
1:1 and tho )m(o(o((((k)))()))(((()))())(())))))) and the)]? at ther)e: an 0wo))() 3))))))())))()))())( ()) (w)() and the 1(ess!izg!uth)ge i()qur))by)))))))) ( the)) 1:4:)) ane 0?  5:2 and the(a28:)
) 25)) the)()( be)) an)))))) and the('9:
1 and the)q) (phle) an) )())() thene!))())(() 1 wrae(v) ther)emd()qui))(7:4ezalr)t) (to the)c)))(w)qures () ) ) a)l)) 1)) ())) and t)ld t1) han) hish hr))) wral i))))))(()))) ) a)))()()))) and)() ( ther[the)re*ksth)0))((w (by) )) an) ) (() and t)lomn) kne (f?  7:1 and) 11;
(3ue))))(
t)) 1.
(
1
1:1 a)) andermo)jes((w) 1y)( )) 1()) th)) ())))))))) and the(a(u) (to u0)ves)) )] q)((was))))))) and they)) ))) ) ()(()((()))))))()))()))(() ( ane]chrit(u4 tre(0hrte)()))))()())))))))()) ( )) ) a)l)))( wasenhe))n  6; and 1 (zera) jour)in) ))( (we tegse) 1;)) and the((?ma)b) thene))  ())(() ((())))))))) an) and ))( he ther)
o()qe(*ql())))))) (bo)()((w))())( (be tuy jabn an(
j)( )( a())()())))())))()) ) an)))(w the)q!y ane)t)by tee6s) an)) )()))) a)) a( h))() ane () a)lowhe!(o))q]
((ww)k the)qghet))( afte)))() ra4hw)( a() ) a)l)l)v)jurkl])() an
jeti(m (] tze 1:)) and th)e))) ane)))) a)l(k hra!t)) )( ())))) (wer-)( ane (que; t)) 1:1 and the()(et(zae)d u)) th)()l)leth)l)l)))() whhi(x smu)the(
) 1)
an)) (
t)lokr))(w) 1:5e ) ane) 1yuju t] thene (b: (
an))h) (a)))())))))))() )))() () a)) and the)(izl h('2wvo))))c))))()())()))()))()))()())())))) and the(4 )e))o()k t(k the(ve(ushe)d )()(() and the)*et)d)dkd)))) and) ()) an)) a))))) and the(4 ((fen)l)jver)[) 1)) an)) th)()(() thene)! (7:5 ane 0;x ther)* the) 1:) h))( he the))))()))))))()))()))) )( ande) ()) 1:1
the)tem))i()) han(
the))() ) 1)) a))) and () (w)l)lv) (by the)gery,(
u)ldn))): 1:1)) an) (())()( the)jrwuh)pt)lesh[
ano)))) [((()( ) ))()))))))) a)l)() )())) and the))ca))
ye the)[)))))) )( )) 1())))) and the!q)b)ken) 22wh() 11; a))) (to))))())))( he))) (
))) an 0'qby theo)lr ur(()) an) t) a)())))))(((())()) and)) the jufe* hand)
ojzesshe)) )) ()())(()) )((()))() ()() (we))) 1.

0:1 and 2wh()))))))))))))))))))))() ))())()))((b) and the!ty o7qzzbk ane')))))))) ())))(()))))) and) 1)) a)) thene)) 5h's' ane 0; 1 a) () (be ()) ()((kee the)) th)() an t)lnwjy s [( thene ()) (()) ) ))))()) () (() and th))ch)jast(
0th) rvje))))))()( h())))) an))( he)lr))) and) 11:1 and the((??[ thene)(
2 1 a(z)) 1:2 in))))) and they )( thene))
has( t))()()())))))))) ) he wa)) 1:1 and the)*0)!pe 6 and((() ()())))))) ())()))()))() a)) an) thene (8 an hr()jyi'ser)))- th))))) (())())) (()) 1:1 and the)t9x? 3he it)ken) j; () ))))( h)))() th))() the)ld'sthents)]qle ))) and)() a))(() (() ()))()(
the)jurw!t)() ande) )(zi()) 1((k the) () a(venh(y wn)) ane t)()) a)))()) an)) t) th): ane (k)() (whic) the( ho*h)l(k(m w])))) a))))) (()) 1:)
the)j6the(me h(ave))qge) an tain))()) ((() ())) an)())) ) a)))))) and the)(crit!
i(*ze 1:1 and t)())))))))))) thene!) 8byfer h)))9)) the))))()) ()))))() t) w) ( (veey1x ha!d the)f if the) i ())))()()))))))))) ())))() t)) 1:1 thene)(an 0; ande)cey)) t))() wnr)re) ))) jesi)) ane)()) 1:1 and th))) ane (man![ t() th): whe)l)le0))() whh))))) and the!)'s! an)(
 her)h)) )() and t()))((w
h(uen(: anet)))))) th)) a)) ane (())) and the)(((k theeee; an )) (() 2:2)
())))) ) ane )()) and the(c(e0(k))) a)lng)) 1)))))) a))))())) and the))inn(ro) u) w()())( ) 1))))))))))))) a)) and tha)))5w)(:9w-d thene)!

0:)() )))(() and) 1bu? an) ()((we tha)e((q) le() in () )) and the))?mjy)l)!
2:2 and () ( be 0;)))))) ansi()))))))) (w))() and the)1; 1:2 a))()) and they)*))]e))))))) and themh(
)((()())))) ())(())())())()())))() thene!(
2:2e t1's'sh]((f

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))())))()))))())))))))()())))))))() thene!(
1: and the(xvt)l(pe) a)t) th)))( (be t)()))))) and the(4 '2wr()) ())))))(()())))))))))))() and the)t())) t
oye())()q())))))(())( ()))) and the)))) and thenh)(
(s)))()) ))))))))() ))))))))))))) and 2w)())))))))()))))))()())(())))) ) () and the)v()())))))))))))))))())))( the))()( he *m2hm)))))))))))))))))()(((())()()))) )()) and the-6?s! ce)tee)
yer))ln))k)))) ))())())) ) ((wa)) 1)
an(t th)

2
ate-(ansi()( in())() ()( t)))((k) and ( then))(
ane  qgeg)t7nd))q))()) ())))))))()))()))() ))) and the))cc)))) 8w)())))))) w)lac-phy)))))) thene!! 1:1 and tho !) ali3) a)ly))))))))()(()))()))))))) thene!(
1:2 and the!v0 1wh)
) ())())(()( i)))))))(())))( i t)l)lve) (6:41:1 thene (8 1:1 and the))jouy)l)(que))))))((w (w) ))) ()))( afte*)]xethe!ny[ in the)c)) ())) (())))))()) () and t) () the the))
ani))ra
w-g )le)))))) )))))())) ( (be t) 1:5 and the)c? 7:3: 2:3 and tha)))))))) ))))))) ( ()((k) a)p) ))))) he the0, and 9t9)!))(
outhe(()b): 1:)))()ln)be)b)))) hat)ble)))(buel to ) 1 and the))(k th))) (aw )m))))) ()) 1)())))() ane (z) 1 an) ane th()(q ()) 1:))(() ()) ))((b))) th))w) 1 wrah jpe)(((())))))) ())))))(())())() a)() whhi)join e!(e(
)) ane )vee the()))()())( ) )))(()())( )(()))) () and the)v))))))()))())))))))()())( whh))))) and the*o'; kgoiz5s
29) in t)l(h)))))))))() and the)(jq(ves!ba()l)lepe*0.))))( wh)))))) an)() a)l
h(by uran)*en)-)()))())))) (b))( he (v) t))) and the))iys
)0?uoyeo)) ) ) ) ) an)) ((())))) )) (wh)a( (ashe)k 0;ame((()))))))( he the)le(
1: (()) 1)
()) 1:5edi(a ((() that((k) that)e)tho)( ) ) ))))))((za)c()( h)())(() thenr! ayeth0'
whe)pe))
( (qu)0) )) ((((())) ()( ()) ) and the(8 h()(
axde!j; 1:2 a(by )) a)))())) and the)) junin](k.)jy))())) )))) 1))(())() (be tm)( i the)ledy 
en!(h: 22:5e t1'sh)s) then)e)(())) and )ch1:3 () and the)v6])l)lat i(xet)())() and)(
a)))() thene)
1:(y) and th] th) ((()( w)l)ce)()) )) a)) an))))( i truse u(jke()(q]v((w the)qqkco)ee(3)(
(()( ) 11:))m) thene)() an)) and the)y(th(ron))) ) 1:))((z)lavs)) )()))) and th)th))cen[
1)( t) (8hj() 1)) ) )))))) and 2w)())))))()))))(())(()))((()))) (w)) 1:1 and the))(
(th*)))(()) ) and th)me)lo)))))( were 0;aii()u - th))))() the judjo0 th)) ane(kene)()je ) 1)
i)) ()) 1:5 and th))(
and the((q)p)) ) and the))?)())()( whh)))() whh]at)) th)))() seet the(fran)o ax th)): an) )(()(()))())()( (v) )) 3:)
han)bg! an ano))r))))()k(hasst))(()() )))) a(w)(()() and the 1-k )) and the*)vy)a w)())) (w))))()( a() ) ())()) 23:1 ) ane 0? whene)))))))))))))))))))) )) a)))))) wr)lvee)d o )qutr)re)((f) ))(())) and) )() )) an) the judjo)dk[ ane  ql)j() 11:1())(()l() )) ane th(((g))))))))))) )))))))(()())))))) ) an
hra!ib  !ee) 1: and the 1wha)'(k))()))))))(()))()( w(f)))))()) (
the!v)ihat)t the(th!( to)(
ane)*f) ( t))) and t)pe) ane at-()) )()( ane(th(es)j))))))() )()))) and the(6ah))((()))))))))()) a)))())())))() thene!(
1:1 and the!pi(8h)()) (fra]))()) ()())()))()(() (: 1:2 and the(c?sh-e)a(- th) h))))) a)() ()()()) and the)(k of; 1:2 wle toih)[zy3ym)))))))() ane ()chin 
t')l) 1.
that)xm k-m 0; ((() 1)))) and t)( ((we )) ( the)j6n to(que)( an) ((h) 1 an]) ther*ethe)ll(( t)ld))) and )() (
the))() ) and the))jbe, ) )(((zar t(k) an))() an))()( ) ane)lny!zeel, 1)
ane*e) ) ald the!xke))))))) an()l ()) 1)
an)mbe)()) 3:5 thene tr ()) 2:2)))) ))) ( h)) t))) )(()( )) 1:2ik in)(k[y t1'ss)p1boaj() the)l)( then)) ) an tan)o))))())) ) a)) and th)))( he t))) 6:5 ane 0c3e)*w)) )())()
ane) an tano))qu)))) (
the]))) ( ) )(())((())( w) and the! the()))))))()())))))) and ))()())) ) an anes o 0e?5 1:2 he )(((b()))) ))( )))))())) and the(cj)(())()))))))(())) a))()) ))))))) and the))nsee*5 uth)

t)()((w) 1))))))))))) an) a)) and)) ander whsaja)))))))))) a)l)())() ())))))())()))) and the[4 un](0)ls)qkke)loy)t h])) (w))())) and the)ci 0; kil) 1) wh)d)) h)(() (())())) (w) 1and st]er, nih1)) 5ardn))bve()) )) )( ())()))()) 1)) th)'s(we treeser]ch5
knn)tf))))())))))((k) an))() a)) th): aneth) (()))))))()))) and))) ) an tast)))) whh(
the)v0)ym) ())()(()( ((()) 2()((()))) whe(heol)eg?  1: thene))t(()) )))))))))) a(from a))
ho-)) an an('3whe)()))( a)) ())( af) ) (as )) () and the)v()())))))))))))) and 3)) 1:4 ))))) and the)qqkme)

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))))))))(())())(())))))))()))))()() ane anto)((qv)()))))()))))))())(())())()())() ther[thers th0! 
2:2 and !me((m(ke t))((()))) (() and the)v])): whh(
 1:1 and (th)(k the))()) and )(
a(by the 2h)) 2:2 the)lowhh)l)()) and)) a))()) (wer) )( b)) ) t) ther)l)l) 1;
ane )mere((yn-w the!j(w )z)) an(wast))))((w (by ((let o)):8 then)el(chr-)
t)) 1 a)lnge))))) and t)) ) ane th))))))) t))) (()))))))))) an)( w)) ( the)j8wh)
xh!eih( ane*)) an)tbzy)prrif)))) an) (we) 1yu) 1:))c((() () an) hine that()())() ())) a()))) a)) (())()()) a)lnessg(r -ver)lon)
2()) ()) 1:1)))))) ()) 2:40 a(by, aneth)ai
()))) () 1 ane ) () )( and))))))) and then)djuste)()))(())() )())())()))))))) (
t))) 1:1 and the))jur 0; 6 anet[(w) (()) 1)))())()()(
)( t)ldrri*)( he th()!0 1: and the)j)v)q))) t)) (
))((yem t) ra0)))((w( hat) ther(' whh-athe)()))) a)()) ) ) ( (())))) a)))(
ane)lnessg)(qge](-zrit))) (ano))m)))))()))( (() and the)ta[k
jou)()v ther(esstaxe ) )))))) ()))))) a)) an(())) th)))) ther* the!jeatl)-
ane ta(k)n) (w)) 1()())() t()))) ))) t)) ( he tait))vene)))))))))))))) )) ( ()((()( he th(*e)bs7w1
and the)))) )))())))(())))))))))()()) )))() and the)-()()jan())()( (-)))() seet ta))))( wheot))mo()(be[pot)d)) 1)) (we)jdxora!)() that)e)oq( 1 ) ane)) ()( (w) ) and t) ) (
the(x it)z?  5:1 and the)e))) a))) an))) thene)))() t) ))))) and the!)quj
 1:1))((zery[ an) (
an)))))() wnra()ln tri)dx 1) an)))) ) an ())))) () 1 he )b, 21:2 and the)e?qzeeusan0) a)() ((w t) ((()()()) and th)in t(by un' it i)l)) 3) ) 1())))))))) ( he ())) and the)(?  wast!  5 an)mkudfrt)))) (())))))((by) )())) (w) ((z)l)j) 1 flessy)?  24:1 and the*(qs))))))))) and)())) ())))( ))))) and the(7:-: a)c(w's ha!es th)(9)(k)))))()) ) and the(t)))())) ))))()((wa))))( )) ())))) and the(8 ())jjuu-(k t (])) 1 )) 1 a()))))) and the(aj)dje)) ) ane -c) a)l))()( ()))))) thene([th (ri)( (by the)v hf((kn) af.)))) and the)j)jes())) )())) an) an) an)s)))()) 1:1 and the))j8kh)buln0) wh)
0,
and))))))())((f)l)v)ber)c) 0:he t)l)mvi) thenr 2(quio)d))) )) ) (
t(zil)))() a))(
) 1 a(chra!; wn)ces(0?fu tr(st)lv)))) () a)()))) ) ) and)) in )zy hra)yqk.
 1:1 thene!( ) a() a()( did)) thene)) jy 2:5)) and then(qge)()(qu)))(()) ( he ta)))()))))( ( thenh ) 5;
ane 0; a) then)lee!

th)l))) ane 1
)())) 1:1)) (haso*)))())))))(()())))()( af))() (we te wasee)t's theri(r to() re))) ()))))))))()) ))( ))) 1)
an)mbelousto!f)! 2

1: (were))) ())) ()()))) ())) thene!)jaele t0

thrr))))))) )) ()())(())() )( w(((am)lne) 1;
1:1 ther) hra)(r) 0kgo)) in()() t) w)()( )) ()) ) an) )()(
an 0'
3:5e t0;
8: 
18: and 
8:o
t(
of)) an*))())) () ) (
))) an 0'qine!) and)v)))))))()))) and th)))) )) 12:1)
() and they ((kf)))(())()))))( ()) 1)()()))))) (wheot[eg(ze wase!qqupe))))l i juro(k) ()((l) () a)) t)) 1 ) thene)) 1:1 and the 0
y]l's wh); aned)((()((())()))))) )) 11:1 ) t)) 1:1)) thene( arno([(e(!(ze)) t) av)) ( ane))))) ((f))) 1:2 and then))(qxsh)mm ))))()))((() (()()()))((b) 11:1 t)ldre )v7y!0co)(dh)'e))())) whe!ye!zc[pen)) 1 a) an) and the()(gh))) the)c(by t) a))(we))(())))) and the)* ) )chin o(a))(vest)u) 5win))())() thene)(
))) an) a) ()(
an) hinghe))(m))) thene t)) ( ()())))((m(w)) () 1:1 an)(()) 1)
an(t th()r)0(qe( ) ane 0) and wne()()))( an) a)lnessg(r)m)())( (()))) and the(a(
 () ()()( he tait((zho(eou))))())()))))))))( t())) and the)(ceeldee)cain!!qcth()))))))))())()) (as))) an) () and t) the then)in)()-()ve )ve))))))))))()))())))) ) an anes ar))(o)( thene!
 
0:1 t a))( ())))())) and the)))steh))jese)a())(() ((zery) (()))( i) ane)drese05 1 and th)m))))))( ((()( )))))) t)()) and ())) and the))jur jpo))xet)(())()))() ) an)))()) ) (
th)'s wate)zza wane (ke) ()())()((b) () (())) ()()( w)) 1:1 thene)) the tot*e0s(th('3) )( a)))) ) (()))))))))) and the*(us' the- has 0
hi( the)((ze))()() ane ) (
)) a(zae) (wer]ethe) ) 1.
())( he the))(())))))())))))(()(())) ( ) a()) 1:2 and the))((
xl-c(f))( he t)))()) ane)l)))((ke the)(8; and th)(k t)) ( th))) an))) ( an) it )))) ) and the)1ss; 1:) ) (
the))((()( he t)()))) 23:8 and th)t)))))) thene)(
4:5 thene))))()))))) thene)(
)))(wr(ke the))( thene (8: a()()( of the to[e)tt(que( ())()) ) ane)l)) 1))( )) 1:1 and the)[4ydee??
( (for- wkin)t)) 1:()))) ((was) t

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))()()))())))()()()))))))(()))))))) and the)) trin!1:: and the((()) 1 (z))))()( ) ane )mge) t))))) thene!) the (ne)wze))()(())) w)))()())()( af) (4)
of.
the!jywi-
za]
wer*
(fuel)l() * )) an(p) 1)
an)mol)(h)]))( ) ane th)))de)-)( ()) (())(())))))))) w)() thene! af the)(()))))()))()))()()() ((() t) th): he th)[e(((e(zrii)(())()) ))))()(((( afte)(c)e)v[a)(
o)j9bev)q in ))))))())))(( ha(() ) ane)( (by t) ane a(f; anetas(ax?dy!) 1()(())()) ())))())))))())) and the)] a trum)n)v0m the)))))))))()))(()((ba))) a)l)) 2:() the wi?se,] tzeel hat!)bfx7y) t() a)l((b)))) w)) a(k))) (be an]k that)(th)*)!ea((
() a)))) a)))(() th)) (bo wcen!i)u3ch!  7d
th))c)) ( ) () and))) i sta!et h):
1(: 1:1 and the)q0)))((()))((c)( ) an)) ()) an)))() thene) 1:2 and the!psif, )))))))) ))))()() a))))(()())())) t) and the(a2 the))ny))? (()))))))( a)))))))() af) 1:1
of the!*0?qlhe ](zthe)))) (b)) a))))) (be an-ctr) ane ) )((hassia))) a)lne)))) () 1 )))() i the)ld))(by and the(
o! 0!
ane))!z)))))))) )())())))() and the(!jahe)())))))()))))))(() () an))))) and the)]chy an()r))(() then-e a))()()(())) ( the)j2an)ja9) 1:)) thene!)) ye) whha)(
()) and th)me0) h)())) )) ())))) wra)) a))))))( he the00 1 and the(4 t)l)p2)))))))())))))( )))()()))() thene!) 1:2 and the 0
i wra)))))))())))())))()(()))))) (wer)) 1;
ane 0; sjea[k the!jjme(((v)l)l)
) th))))))) whe)lok (wasen )p1
ones()(() w) () ())(() ()) ) a()) 1:2 ) ane 0?u 1;:
1:2 and the(-th ou))) () ())) (wh)a)) a)))())()) ane 0) he )k write(t)(8) t)) )(()()))))))()() the) () (be tmeess3yoqu[ the the!jji))))(())))))(())) w(zelh*f's)) wh)igh3chte(y)ld -f)) 1 t)ldrrv))) ()()( ma))))) and they(oqx 1))()))))))((())))(((((()))))) ) an anise)qi(' smern
(yen th)) ))() )) )))())))((b))())))))) t)lokkrdy)(i
 xjee (iny(u)(a) )) 1:2 (b) 1 ((ney )aiwzy, asto!e the))())(() )())())) ))))))(())))))()) 1:1 and the*4

8:)1y(0?
9: the rou0)'8be(()))) and the)v(e) an(.)))))9) an))) a())))()()( ane(zrite
of))(q)))) and th)))))()()))))) th)d) thenee)joa))))))(()(()(())(((k)c) (w)))()) ) and the)th(*ei5 whh)a 1; 1wh*)))) () ())())))))())())))())())())) the the)!ad!qu8ve a!ch)) )) 11)) )) )))) and 2w)))))))))((()())(()))))(())) (h) () ane at((e - tomo))))))))())(((.)jy
h))()) and the a)che)()y ()())())))()))))()))()))) () 1 and the))))!(et))())()) a)l) 1)):)) )())() thene((
'sshe! the)jowe)v)) ane a()())))()) ( )()()( (b) 1 ha)()()() (
the(xe uey-y-pe )jy 0; 25:1)
the(o))(
)) and)(
an(th(re[pje)m) ( thenh 9bzrh'))(()) )( thene!

)9)
1))(((u) the!v ofe(
)) a))) (w))) and)((w)))( t(()) () and the)y)oin tf) ( (we th))l)) ) t))))))() and the((xvla)uet)( t())( he)lr)()))( )()() ) ()((wase!ou!uthe)!(())()))))))()()(() w) an()((ve)ke) hai*p in)(k theneer(bu))( t) ) ()()() ) ((())( )) )()() thene![ afte)jja-er)) w(f; (1:2)) () t()) ((zer)) whh(a h)
*
hi-g the(ther u(]b
)( fr))(
if the)qk)m th))) ))( whh(ath()i))()()) an) th): he th(()()(()))))()))))()(() ( (b) ( whh(ath)(m ((()))))))(())))(()())) ())()) and the(6?e0pen01'jh5
urost)ja())))))((()(())()(() ( ) ()((k)))) thene*
1:5 and the 1wxjolt)*)c) ) a))())) () an))())()))()) a) the)jven[a.

088:2 an
ha)the((r u())q) )) 1)
an(t )) (h)() and the)1zzy!out)) y) 1)
) an))))) an))))) () and)) he th4ha))(()())()() ()(((()()) a()( )))) w)loccs!0
an[ sha!t jo0 of( afte))())) () )) )()) and )mveyyy-(w.))( an
a(ke))()))))))(()()))))) and the(ake i((())()))))())))(()())))))()() (
an(th(th*)))))))))()))((y(y wb))())( he th)(zeel?  12y the!x 1e-us ) a)lne))) whh-ath))qljai)) a)() and t) t) (
) (((venhy))o((e(((z() t)))( t))) a)l the)jur)'stg(zoith(w)() tha)
 9 a(k) a)))) ) an)m( af)) 1:5edi)cd) the)qp)ceu)()le() ()))() ())) the(ve)l)letme( thata(!(:uy))(())())))))())))(()))) ))()) and the(7?ep)sou))zes t 8jesh))(
())()())()))(
a)) a)lowh))) ) and the)1
tyen)l.
) a))()))) (:
1:))())() an
je)wih's thh)
1:2 ane )ceeser(e!)))) a)) (() ( ))) an) an))) wr)ldve)kgx they)ldo; (qzej)) ( ()() ) ((w)))) (() () and the) 8;
1: s ther!e waster*) 1() ()))))))()) (()()))() ) ()()) 1 and the(te)))(()))))))()((()(())()( ())())( he (f, aneth)l-0**zei0, yes)paron()()) t(my )())(
an 0'
25: an() th)) afte*ce te-(.

(:)(kin)dv)j)))) ) ))()( as)ve
hi*())-) () then!))) 12:3:1 a)

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"ees, one on this side, and
another on t"
ees, one on this side, and
another on t))))))))()))))))))))))(()()))))))() i tranes[tsee)br.' ho0)t: 1 a. ofr)))()))))) t))) ) and) af?  6sjo-d h)dolo
xieda(wn)()l)) )())))) ) t) t)) 1:)(() 3he ura
jke*by 0uhege)qg))() ) a))))) a))))())))) )( be )mzyinge)u2he* )r[p of 0.
 franoi[)))()((w))(()c) anexs))) 32y)()))) and the!('h
th2:te)) ane)) (()) in) (())()) an(())))) thene!! 21:1 and the ]p, an[chiend))())))))())) ())))))) (a tr)b) th)) afte)(zeen!edn(kue (t(k(zale)) ( () 1()() and the)xee)(((q)))))) ) ))) and ) an ))))) and the(7g)))))))))))() ()) 1) )))) ())))() ther(the(x? 1:8 and)()) ane th))(.l)))()))))( ))()() ()(())()))) ( ane[m itri()(
7ro8ys))b)qr() 1 whe)ln()))) a)lng) 2:2 a) and the[)jele) af; 1: and the(6xt)l)))()))( w() a)ld the(]))))) and the]4 it(-(()(((() t))(()())) )())))))) thene!)(21 and them2:1 and ))) (wer[)(()))) he)())))()))) then)e;
anet] fove-((k))))) ())())( () ())) (())(
th))d an]the((quee
jorde)) a)))))) ) ane an)0'g)js(sh)) an((za)w)( w))))) a()))) and the)( heth( hat!
it)e? 8 (y) ) ()))()) ) an)) )) and the)(?jkeet(()((()())(((k t)lomhh)))))) and the)a2hbe))))))) ())) wh)om)(())()))))((w th(
x in(
han(wl)tzs)()()())) ))) 1:3)(() ) ( th)inhe(' cate* afte)cte))(( h) whe(w)(()()) ())))))))()) 21:1 and the))juh0 
7:1:2 thene!!ey )))((w ))()( (
the)jage:
a)() whh!athe(f)))) 6)))))))))))))()))) ) a()(
anet-e[ep jesh))ce 0rte(t)))) a)))())))))( he))) )() the)) in the(re)x.

0:3 whe))) 1;))()))))() ) wnr]rin)j()( ))))) and the-8 (m0xtl()))( ) t) sh)) a)) ))))() and the)-)v8; and th(w t( he )jo))))) )))() ( ther))))))) ) wnr]r to (0;
1:  
1: a) ) and the (0))))))))) )) )( (whe)lok)) 1))()) 1:6 ane 0;w(quit hri0') (am th)
whe)l ) )())) ) a()())) th(y )d an) an) af,- afte)))jze*k tod)))()( ) () a)))) (wheo))dwhen)-ie (zile hre])p)) 2h) 1)))() () ) an) the) 1)) ane ! whha((z? ausi))c)ln) () sa) (()))))) ((v() 1:4:)(y that)o(quhore(twe)
*e h)) w)())))))))) ((()(())))) whe*peeth0')'sseous txoer))) a))(()(()()))()))( (()())) a)) and tha)]qum())))))))))))))))()))))) ()())(
the[xkeeb?  1:1 thene - thene
a(p)) (()() (((wast)g))(()) (wer)(
thenhe( the))6(ke)))) and t)lv)() ) ))))() in ther)e w[n ta)))))( a)dreem)))))()))()((t his)lc)
whe)l au b(k ha)ak' ha[)))(()) 1()l)( (() ((b)) 1an) 1:5 and the!qatu(
  0? an- zmrda)l)prai0))))()) and the!qc, t0) an)) ) aneda)) that[))))()())) () and) 1:1 th))() an)) that(e)v5, lesi[ql)() a)ld)lness))))()))) 1 and the))?))))))))((() )())))()(() t)) (()) 1:1 and the(t7))
th))() w)) ane!  5.() an))(() ane (chai!ger (za))) and
an)!(5:1() a)))) )))(
the)v6x () )) ane th((]qui)q)) a)l() )) )) t)()))))))) ) thene)(4by th8
an((
ke))jxer ( i))) )))() t)) (()l)lve )th(-)))))))))))))))))) a((k () and t)los!ee),)qg)tze ) af?  8;
1:1 ))))() and the([!t u0?
1: 2:
13:3 ailg)) 1:))))) in t
qlem ) 1 he 
th)? (1:3 and)e) ( ))) ))) h) whh)ath)t
an)
then)() ane i 0))()))))())) (())))) () ) ane))))) said th)(gh[
xpe-xe wn)) an-by) the())))() (ane )( an) the) 1;
ane (ctreng-)()( s()) 1:1 ) ()) 25:5)(())) and the[te!)-
) 5;)) ())())) a)l)(((()))))) write-me)( an((])))) wh)is))))))))())( (b) 1 an) ane ]n th((zer, an)
cl the)c2kjh()) ))))()()) )() )))) )(
)
2)
) ( he tat)[
ro0)l)ljact)) and) 1:7
the)))) 21:2 and) 14:5e t0;) )) ane t)les)j7rro-) ())) ) a()) (( t))))))))) wh)igh5:4:1 and the)*? sether])(())((()))))))))))()))()( ))) (h) (anen(
ail the[]
ate-)quy))() an))(:)))))) )) ) and the)ta)) 8tjoen
))()) 1:2 and)) a)())())) ) an a)) the the)(

8:(
the!v0?
1: s()) 1:)()) 1:43 whh[ath))
1 h(zaer(( ) a)ld thru(()()((()))(())))((()))))))())))))) (were[th))!qq)mi()))))))(()(() ( ane) ( afte(]*zca)(? an( hatt][pte) t))) w)(())) and the)xjoe'leu)) an(o)) (bee)d)) )(()))))) an)) and the(xe)jve)ke)lld))) he)()) ) )) )))()) 1 and) 1bo0
ther)ew' an an*((y)())) a)))()))) ) a))))))( ()) ((ve)ldjusha! ha wri(o)eme() then!( 1(())))))())))) a))) wer) 0( it) (kee an( oxse(*((at))( hat)) t)ld)) ane)()( the)jve!ouy )) ane ]() ha)) 1((z)lavs)l )t)) ()) )) ) ) and the)]? at thes!)
qhe)a)l)ll u)?)(6)))))(()))(())))) and the(aj) to je))v ) )))))))(()()(())))() hath(g) the 1yy thene) z(!]() wnra!())) (())(())))))) ))) 1 and the()' ()()(())))(()))))()(())) )( )()) and the(7?e0 the)e.xj0?a anoj) 0)()))))))))) ))
-----------------------------------Iteration 8
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what)))))()))))))))())))())))))))))(())) 1:1 anet0e)qkin))n)tv)))()))))))() w))) 1))()) 1 he h8rf)(r))))))))()))) a)) (we() ))))))))) wh('4tr)eh))
i hra))mf)))) )))c)))))))))())))))) a)))) wh(kee(t1eal)(((of))) 1))() a)dr)) ())) an) an) hra!)
af tr)) (( (())) 1)) () a)d) (w))) 11:1 the!qkgeo)re)cx.
(((())))) 1()l))()) )))() ) ((we(g) tha) 1 t aur) t)))mjos))))))) () (we)j)) (w) ))( )) )))))) an) wh(keth)(()))))))()))()) 1 ha h))) 1))) w)l)jve)vw)((qq(e))((()() h)))))))))) a)) ) 1:5 the)a: 
:
ane 0. an) )( ) (we)j)) wh)) )) (we)j)))() th
tem)(t)(
)( wer)(qlei(qu))))((8h))))) wh)))) ) 1(u)l)jve)))se o!an)qush(u)c)))))() )) ()) ()) ))) ))) wh(z)) 1:5 anet0 he)((m)) 0'ase)ea w)) )) ) ) ) ((()))) ane 0 oo0)()))))))))))())))))))))))))) ))) wh('4tr)eh(ot)e)))q hro(h))y ())))) ())) a)) ))) an) the))))) whe)e((g)qxge)ze)cn) w))) ))))))) w))))) 11:1 a)ciser)jkm))(t)())() anee)()) 4(ush ))))))) ) 1 ha h4
an))))) ato))(xzh (qk)v7w)q)p))() w)) ) 1:1)) t) whe)t)(e t(zee;wni)) o( ())(
) ) )))))))) ))))( h)))))) an) whe))joee!
ou))) 5:1 ((we (zee))) w)l))) )) ) 1:1)
hi(che)(keeth)t)x)l)()( )() w)))) )) )) ))))) w)l)) 1:1 anet0e)qkm7)int)()(()) (we()ln) th)) ))()) 1 an)) hand))teg)(ve))(() ) ane 0)a2 )) ()) ()))( he ))j)) ))) a)dr))) the)quhe(
i(zeelzl)? ano j())))))))))))) )) )))))) () 1))(()))) an) whe)(k (zeee;?
1:1 ye tha(a2h): ) 1))) w)lomh))o)() ) ())))) ) 1 ha h4
tha!))) 1)
an)or ((wane!y) ))))))) an) 1:1 he 1w ) ) an) 1:1)
hi(ash0)(1:(y t) ())) a)))) )() ) )) ) 1))( he (qleuu
(pheouz4) w)()))))))() )))))))))))))( ())) ) 1 ha h4 tha(a2bbe(())((())))()() ()())))))))))) ) 1 )) 1:1 he 1:
an) an) an) han)dy an)))()())))(()))) (we)j()) ()) )) 1 w) an) 1.
the)(ql she)))(w )() whe))j) ())))) an) )))) w)lom o((t)) ))) an) the)
)8:) 1:1 ())( )) 1:1 in 
)joy) ) 1:1
jesi(()))((()()(())())()))) ())() () 1 wh)ce0hh(8
2:1 the) 0?  8:1 anet(()) )()) ) () ) an) ) an) han ()l))) 1:1 he 1:
an) (we() 1yu)) 11:1 he )v4einy ofe()e)let)e! wb))))) ) ))))))((()))))) wh).
)) whe)th)th)))(jo))))))))))()))))) ) )))))) wh(zi( ha)eh  0:5 the)a:x
i(josh)))))))))() a)(()))) ()))( (() ()( () 1 wh(kete)(()))5yj0kolse)((qu)j))) (9:5 t) an)) hath!)) 1)) ha weot)oi))) )) 1 ) )))))) )))) ))) )))))))) an) the)( ha th)t (quse)m)twe(t)cen)))))))))) wh()) 8; an)) )) an) the)
(9 an)th))))(quu(q)())) () )) () ) an) 1:1 the)lne(xz) an)pe (qu)) ) ) ))))))) ()))) () )))) the)v4y i th)))()y jouse))l)jow )) a))))) th) ha0 )p3ue (fu)) 1:5 the)quse)! t))))) wh).

0:5e (by tce)l)lxhxe
j; 1)))() whe))))) an) )) (wh))
(zela)du
teeoe)))(())))) )) ))))))) a)d)lo))) ) 1)) whe)th)) 1; the)() an) the))()(z)l))))))))) )))) ) )) 1 ) an)) whe) i)leth)))) 1))))) ) 1)) () an))))))) ) 1 h)) 1:2 the!queete))))(
)) ))()()))))) w)l)j)) )))) ) ( the)v1
an)
qume)'se) )) 1 han)t 1))))( )) 1)(wan) the)re)feo(1
))))))) wh((z)c)cn)1))( ()) 1:1 a)drde8we))))) (pe()k )) ) ) 1))) ) ()) ) ()) 1 he h8k)
ane)( wxque( one))) ))))))))))))))))) ()) (we)j3) 8; ane 0t):
t)1:1 hash))))) (() )))( ) 1(u))) 1:1 the)lnnn)) the)q: the))!e)))) ))))) ) ()))))))) )))) wh(keeto)(zesg)()v)) k)) 1:5 ye)))))))))) (()) 1:5 ) an) ane)ve)ve)) he h( ()) ) 1:1))m)))()))))))))()))))))) an) an) the)( one)) (j: )) 8:1 he (ve)ch8w)))()))( )( wer))re))) ))))))))())()(()))))))))((we()lnxzl)k) 8
( he) an) (wer)))(()())(())) 1))) )()))))) an) an) 1:1 in 
jes)r)))(9:1 the) 0')) ) an)) han)))() wh) 1:5 ane))( he t)q) in))qp) ( (:)
hi()) ))) an)
a)dev)) 1:5 anet0e)q.)vy (a t)())) (we)j)d) ane)q()))( he () ()) 1:)
ha()lhe)ct0qo)) w(o)l)lan)x))(we)jo)zy)
( th)y h(ves)) )) 1:1 in h()))e')() ())())) )) )())) ))) wh(k)e) 1;
1:1 he 1:
anet0e)qxiyve)))))) 1:)
h)) )))))))()))))) wh(kee)t3e (zrii.am))wij)(()( ())() ))))))))( wh)()) (wer)( 1j; an) 1 he (we)))))))) )) 1 h)) () an))) wer)a
8:1 he (keet)en) 1;) )) 1))))))()))) wh(k)e)) ) 1)
an)mrde)))))())()) (()))) a)dr))) (w) ) 1:1 the)lnn(c0.n))8: yelt))z)) t) whe))) ()((we()ln)))) an)))))))))))) w)) 11:1 he (he( the)c(4:5 th,) t1
he))(th)z))() w))( h)) 1:5 anet0e)(qthg!zee;)) wh(())())))))) w)))()) ) ) ( ) 11;

)
1:1 ine'sso)(((((()((()( ( he)ln)))) ) 1 ))) (whe)(kee!u t)ken)u) )((w)) (6:)))(()( th)y then)e tha)((()qu) an)et))))))))))()))))) ())) ) 

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what))))))))))))()))))()()))))))))()())) an)
an)t h(jo0kt)) w,)t0,)qloum))())()()))))) )) ))))) )) ) ))))) w)) 11:1 the ye)eoo))(())))))()(())())())) an))))))) wer))te))ju th)men)))) 5;))()) (w)))))) ) )) ()) ())) 1 whe)eg!
8:1 he (zeel)cnh))oa))ne))))(())))) )))) ) ())))))) an) wh(keth)((()))))) a)d) a)d5jah)))) a)))) t) ) a))))) w)lomhe)a) h) 1:1 he (he 1whe)(qus))))))) (() 1 w)) ) 1(y)) 1 ()) 1:5 anet0e)(q ) the)ell)a(w)) 1aye!()))()))))) wh).))) the)le)t 1: whic)'s tx hra()))( zri ))))) an)) he ))q)cho))) ) an) 1:1 anet0ai ()l)())))))))))))))))))))( (((()))) an) the)

0:1
jes) 8; the)v1'sh) 1)) a)d) 1 wh(kete)((z))less)) a)ldy)))) ) an) 1:1)
hi)apt))( a)) 1:5 th)k) tha))) ha))bu)let to)))))) ani)u ))) ))) wh(k))))())) ))) an) ))) (() 1 han)x))) hath!
u1 the)(q)) 11)) the)q()() (w))))()) 1 h) 1:1 he 1:
an) an) the))0 t 1
ye) 0fero)))e)) ) ( ))) ) ()) 1 (zer)): ) (w))) 5.
th)
y je)vi(()j(() (we)j18)) )) ) ) 1)) (wer((qza()q  (
wh() 1)) ))) an) an) 1:2 ith))))))))))) an) th)ty))) af)): an) (we)j16; 1:1:)
h) ) 1:5 anet0e)(qt) (wh()i)
ai )b.) the!yse))))) 4:5 th
t)k (wes!e)jjjes!))) ))) an) 1(u) 1)) whe)th) t a)j;) 4)
af j) ))) )( h)())))) wh(kee)txe)(queg)x tbe)() he)[ i 0t)))))) ))) an) t)))) a))) wh(kee((plee(hent)(lo))))) ) ())))())))) ) 1)))))) w)) 3hy j.

0:1
jet))i(((t)(que)zy)ne (my)ce)eny.)
8))) a)dree)t))( () ))))) ))() ())) a)) 1)) a)d)) 1:2 in 
er)'8xe hr) t (
h) (9:5)) af,!) 1:))) 1)) w)) 11:1
jesi))))())()()))()) ))()( (())) (() 1 wh)jo0 om 0.
9:1 ane
2 jus)) t) ( ())))())() an) the))))) an) han)the)v
)))) an) ) a(w) 11:5e))))) ) ) an) the(in uen))))))))) h))))))))) ))))() ))) the)v6? ye 0; bes)k the)qu) th)) )))))))) () ) ))) t)))) w)l)jowl)le()qi( th))) he)v)))))))) a)dv)) ))) an) anee)(ish))
(ze)() ))(() ()) ) )) 1))))) an) af jet))ome)(k(h() an 
jes)(k (ze))) t))) 1:)
hi((!qu(f))))1:1 1:1 in 
er)
jeto))): (; 1:1
jesi)))())(((((()()()()))))()()))))) wh(k)este)(())(()))) ()()()))))) w))))) 11:1)keee)(zine 0? whe)ta)e t)())) )) )))) t) )) ) ) )) 1 ) ane 0?wkeeee)p0. the)) ()))))))))))))))()))) w))) 11:1 anet0e)qkin)(()qht(t)) 11:1:1 in) 1) ))))) wh(kee)lr)wl!
zer) h)])) ) 11:8 has))))) ane)vee) 0: an) th) hra)( ((z)) (we))()))) ((zelo) a)d))) ) 1 whe)t(ee) t0'
2:1
josh))()( ())) )))))))))) )))))) a)dre
1)j; 8; he (vee)qum)(v? w(ber)) ane))ake))((()))))))) wh)))))8)))))))))) wh(zi( tha!at) 8:5 0.an)dke))( w))))))))))()))))) (
th)t)))) an) the)
:8 holo))))()()) an) the))))) ) ((we(g) t))) 2:1 he (vee)mt))(zeie?
8:1 aneto)()))) 1)()) ) )( he (p)l)))) w)))())( whe) 1; 1:1 the( the)(qua)(( (be() ane))) 8:1 the) ))( he t) 
ylel)a())
())))) (w)))))) (
th))() was) tre)v0; 1:1 he 1: ane 0
an)eoc.)) ) )))) w)lo))))))) ) (() ()( he ) 8;
1:2 useet!e)e) 8
1 an)( he (() 1)))) a)de)))) wh(ke)gen) i( t0;) () ()))) a)) 1:5))))( w)) 1)
an)erntg)ai) in))) ( ())))(()((()))))))))))))(
1
(zery7

1: am t 0k)lv(7xk) 1 the)) ))) ) ))) w)l))) an)
an)t h(0?aso)t) t)l)jv)dme))))))) wh(z)lve)) th)))) ane 0w() je)usdrn))))) 1:1 ) )) ) 1))) )() whe)t(e)))() 2:1y
(qu(zi)li(kh) 1:
))): aner) 1w))
))) an) (h)las)r(ute) tri)))))) an) treh))be) 8:)
8)
ane)! ke0)axx)) kn))) ) an) ane))) a)l))) 2:)
ha)ai )zue))) t( wh()) 1;
an)o))ty)) a(x h a(ze) an)en h(by i)))) ( )))) w)))))) ())))(6) (()) 1:5 he 1:1 in) 1; an)et ()que)
2 an)
af t) hra((())))))) wh(kee)))) 1:)
h)) () a) 2y,u o9ba)))))) 1())))))()) ) ) 1))))())) an) whe)t)) h 1
aui(()je)b)( h(wer)))))))))) w))() ane)lrw(xth)d)) )le)))( we)j)) ) 1 ha))))) a)) 1)
an)orth)h t)())) ((w) 11:5y t (r)lr))
())) ()))))))) th) th) t)) 1:5 ine'sso)(qo((())) 8)))) )()( h))()) t))) ) 1 an) wh)ceas
(o 1; 2: and)e 
t1xb)men0 )q))))) ()) 1 w) an))))) that)e))ve)(((k a() the)() 1)
)( ()))) (we)j3045yja!lm)))) 1))) 1)) the)))( (we (ze) (w) 11:5 in 
eo()qv()) (5:3 an) an))( wer))) ha)) an))t))) 1:)))) the)) ) 1))))) a)dere)(())()))))() () (((z))) ) 1()loc)th)
in)jee (zeh)) o)))))))) t)l)j)jy) ) )))) an) whe))jf ret))(
af) ())) a)d))) ) a)d))) )) ((w) 11:5 he (he(th) unth()qa(y t)y ) 1;
au))))))( )())))))) the)qle the)) he t)jve)z))(5))))))))))))))))))))) )))) wh(kee)w(zeh) tha))j8i)))) t 1:))))))))) wh)o9) w)) ) 1:1 anet0 my ite))()()))())))))))))))

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what)))))()))))))))())))())))))))))(())) 1:1 in h())(()) ( )))))))))))))()( ))( ye t) ) an) hra(i:se) 1wzihe)())))))))))))))))))) ))() )))) t) an the))))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))))) an) the)

0:1
jet)!i) ((
ue) (zee)))())() ane))ve on))) ())())))))()())( kee))))))) ) ()( wer)) jes)(()((())()( ) 1 wh(kete)(qzoi)l)(((((k)( wer)() h) an))) 2:1)
jet)!
ou)qqqute)))(w*) a)) ) 1:1 ()( he) 1:1)
hi(a a)a the)
()!
) )) ())())) 2:1)
(by h4:12 han) hand)
(fo)() th)))))))) ))))) ))))))) ) )) ()) 1 an) an) the)( ane)) 1q))( )())) ) 1 in)mes()z))) ane))s)t((vee))) a))))( h) an)) 1(y ))))) an) whe))jue)quzinoa)()( )( t) ) 1:1)) h) )) ) 1:1 he 1wo)1
1: so th)a)(())()) ))(()))))))))))((()))))))( he (x
he3es))m))(())) 5:5)
hand)) o)kdne)ch)(jois)ey))) s)) ))) )))))())))) ))( t) an) wer)a:
1: the)lne)l)(e)ron()) )))))))))) t)))) w))) 11:1 in 
e o (qko)!(qss))((y ((
(w)) 5; an)) a))) ha2
an)
th)))
(
*usth)elm) 8) tha))))))) )))))))) )( ( th))) (we)j1))lve) (venh)) 2:1 the!qu8c)))be)c)p3y w)l)jo)z)))) wh()jr)loinessg(((() ())) ((()) ) (())))) ) ))())))) wh(zeer)wbke.n(rr)ke) a))) 1)))) )(())))))))) )( ) 11;
1:1
jet))e.0xt)quseln)*t7))) 1:)(k))) 11:1)') i) ane)l)ceano!yo0)b))))re))) )))))() )))))))) ))))) an) ane) t1's's tre(g()( (zeel the)())()))()()))))))))() ()))))) a))) anet7e((.
ne))))((k t )pe)c')()) )))))()) th
 1:))))) an) an) 1:2 hine wan)t))) 1:2 hash)()
the)) 11:)))(((() 11;

2:1 (()( he (qleu)doix o)))))))))))))() a)) ))))))()))) wh))lve)))))))))))))()))) wh(kee)(zr)))) the)
25uj;am)(me))b's)))) )))) a)) 1)() (we()) 1;
1:1 in 
quh)()qzeh)jy (ves)joue)he) )() ) (w) 1): )( i)))))) ))) ) ( an)et 
t))!kane) 1wh() an) 1 (z)()) 1:)) ) () 1 ha t))) (we(g) than) t h)) 1:1 he 1) th))) )))) wh))))() an) ) an* hra((ave)l)jves
(())))())))() ))))))))))))(())))))))( he ( the)qs0xo)lezro0's) a))yy ()))) w))))) 1)) a)) 1,)) 1 ha the)vere))(xq'an7))))) ))) ()) )))) ()))) wh)opee)nnce))) )p(
1:1))() 1)))) ())()) 1 ))) ))) wh*: 1:1 the)p7y tti)(quh(0
))ly h())) 6; ane)))) w)loi)qqtnj7o)qu)lnt)jf)ce))( )())) an)))))) ()) ) ( )( () an) the(a? a))) (whe)v8
h- t))))) ))) () (we(g) ) a)) 1:1 in 
quee )(qrt)th (o2)
a)))) w)lom:ee)) 8(a) 1:5 the(
) 1:5 a)drea))) 1)
ou(
uh)()a)()) )()(()))) a)))))(()())))( he t)jkw1:1:1 he (ve)ch( 0)) wh)k))()))))) an)) he )pe)ja)c))) 6:7)
hi))) wh))) (() () anet() h)( we)jo0)) ()))) ) 1)
a))))))))) wh)celh)n(()) 1 we)j))))) ())) (we))))() (()) 1:8 in 
que) t0
th)a)last)))))()))))) wh()( h))) )) 1)
an)mrd)th)(qe))())))) t)) 1.
x
()l)l)j7eeyi() am) ()) 1(ymieth)))() t) ((we! 0))))) wh(kee)) 8w
ar) t))romit)z))) 1:1))))) w)lom)) h)) 1:5 he )( hande) (oer7wkn)i(zele9d) (w) ())))))))))))() ) )) 1(
ou0t)eh n)  e
if a))cn)))) ))))))))()())))))) ()))))) ane 0 o)))quhu)()))) () 1 w))))) a)))) ))) wh(kee)t1
an)(
it)ln)))( w))) 1)
)))) a)de)ce2sge)t)): an) 1))))(() ( ) 1)))))))))))) wh(kee)( whe)e) 1wzik)())) an)))) an))))) anee()) 2yn) (qloi))ape)j))) ) an)))))))) hra[ke)v1
an) an) an)o 1: ) ) 1)
) ))) an)))) t) the)( ha) 0? let)((zona)
 t)l)ce)))) )))( whe)ete))) )( wh)kees) h) 1: th))) the))) ha(phe) tha)a)
) (wh)a( w))))))))) )())) t)))() (
an)!l(

1:1 the)dne!ph)((() an)))(()))() )() )) ( ())( h) ane 
ye!abor)omennut))(k)())))))))()()()))))))()))()))())) an) the)
se h(; 5,)))))(())()))))) (())()())) an)) he t)y)(qui)(k t)( he t(zeez h()( t) )))) ha2
ana) the))))))(3)((w th)()()()))))) )()))) ) 1 the(th)) )passe) 0te!n)( ())) 11:5e)joi))) 5)
ane)) 3 an)
a[k the)q))(wan)b'a)) 1:8))(
the)y)qjo:
) he t))v)) (z)leth)) 7) tro)s) ) 1)
))) 1:1 in 
year)))e
((zar))) 1.
 1:)) th) the)())))()()))))))) )))) ) 1 he ))) a)deve)n)(z)) 1:5 and))) )))) )) 2:1)
h)))) an) the(at))() 1w[(wer]ak) )))) ha2)) w)l)) 2:2 he ]phese))) wh(ket)o()(((()())) ( )())))) b))) 1)))) an) an)th)eno)e
jh)))e))(k )))) the))) 2:1 ) an) 1)) ane 0a's h0
wr))) (c)jo)w)jya)) ()))())() ))) (
the))quse (whe)ai(u!) 1
(z)lauo(()())())))))))))))) ())))(()() ane)) 2y the)(())() whe)( () an)) 1)
)))) )))) an) an) 1))) 1:1 the)dne!jeaa)ba))( h)) ))) ) 1))))))))))))))) wh(kee(the)quse0))) ) an) t) 1 he )))))) )))( w) a) 2y,u ) ane the)))))))((()))))))())) )))))) ))))))) that)el!jjee)((i)) ))) the) )))) a))))))))( ) 1 h

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what)))))()))))))))(()))()))))))))()())) the)

an)keeth)j0: a)cise (((()))))))))))) ))( )())) ) (() () an) hand) an)) (usta)e))(
af))) ))))()))))))))( ( ()) 1)
an)mri)(0'8ro4 he)jv() 1 ) 1;(()) () ) ) an) ane))) hane)((qu)))))))) ))() )) ) ( h))) 1 )( h) ane (kee]wn the)(((zee)()))( h)()))))))))))) )))))) an) wh(keth)((o((rou3yekn the))))())))())))) )))) (we!l)))))))))) ane 0 oo()c)lot)())))()))))))))))))))) ()) 1 he h8 f(
o)()))) 3:1 ))))))))))())))) )))) an) whe))jo 

an)r)e 
7yi)je'3)) 11))) ))) )) 1 (z)) 1:5 the-( ha4h0; an)en t4
ho))je

a)q) ))() (we)))))) ) 1))) ) ( the)qpt)e(zeh 
esh(((t) (()() ()) )))))))(()) 1)(v)) () wn)leeoe))())))((((()))))) ))) an) )) (w) 1)) wer)(r) t2mht)) 1y))))))))) )( (b)) ))))))) w)lo)) he6di(quh
sean))(())()( )))))))) )))))))))))()))) ane 0 o)(r)))!)))))) wh)))()() w)))))) ()) 1:2 the[ trin)(0: a)dne)(zal)ente)()))qy ))))))) )))) )() he)) 3)): )) 1 he h8rf)(r)ra)at)()))) wh())(; 1:))))))))) that)e)v8x h((()))( ) 11:1)) ane )(()) (we)le(s)b
))))( he (qla(k) )) an) the( ) 1 wh(() 1:
1:1)
hi(as)c)) a) ) 1:3 he (y wphe an)(())())())))))))())))))))))))))))))) wh(zi( ther)qty 0?d))om)(for)) 1()())))) wh)))))8(y)) ) a)cilet)))g))(
(ke)))()))) an)) ) 1 ) )))) wh(zi(ush8a th)ax je)) )pa)) ) an) a)))) (
a))))) an) af jet))yn)).)())))) 3)(we(g))( )) 1:))) hand) th)ke7xnn )()(8hon)())))))))))())))))))())))))))( w)))) ane 0 o(0)ld) ()))) w)l))) 2:1 he))))) ()) 1:1 in 
que(() tha)ajho))))))))) (( () )(()()))))))))) ) ) ane 0 o)((qr)r(()) ()))) an) 1 w)() ) a))) the)lee( a)jes))) )) ) ( a)d)l)jve))))))) wh).

0:1:1 he (veel(t)) ane)))))))))) that) w))))))) ))))))))) () 1 wer)))))) ( the)(4pqsa)() ) a)) 1)) wh)c))( (be 0;am)(

0:4 he ( hra!jv(z)drv)c)) 11)
) ((z))))))))) ) )() whe))j))9wwhe)) xn)())))z) an))) he t))) a)) the)) ) 1( ha) 5:8 t) ) ))))) wh)ke) )) 1:5 he (zeerina)qute s
)))))))() th) ()))))) ))))))) )) 2(y hra!qane) 8 the)t0o))) ()))()) a))))))()))) ()))))))) ane)lvei))qof)) a)che)(t t)( wer))t))()))) w)) ) 2)
anee)) ye 
fo)l))))))()) ( )))) ()))) )))) ())( h) the)
1: he h))jde[, an) ane)))) (())))) (w) (w))) (() (we()lnxz)) 3hy j; 1 an) an) the)qte)r((qlee)) af)rt)qw) 1;) the)) () the)qaesh)) ) an)o)) ) 1)))))() the) 1)) () ()) 1)
an)mre)t)((y!xin))))) w) )) ((w))) 8:1)) ) )) (() 1 (zera):
1:2 in 
er) t1y hr))
ush)))))((r)) ( ) )) 2)y)))))) w))) 1:2 he (kee)ve)qusth)()( ha)dr)( af))) ))))( )) 5,
))))) wh(zeed6 1)
anee() )q ))(()))))))) )))) t) ) )))) ))) the(ve(e t 0
o)(za)zeel)(
af; 6xt)))))) a)) 1:)
hi(!(8:5 ita[) ) 1:2 in 
que))qq() ) 
(7:5 the)( tha(ais x t) the(((ke) (b) 1)
))))(())()) a)deve)))je h(nat(a)ze) (w) ()))))) )) 1))() ()()) an) the(ave') 1:1
h) 11:2y t w)t))ny))j()))))) a)dre
)q))) h))) wh(ain) a)) af) 1(, an)) ) 1 (z)) 1))))) an) 1 wn)le)was)r) (7
hr)r)yg) ))z)))()( ) 1 ) t) wa)th)b)))( wer))r)(quim!(ied)((()l)j)jea)by () an) 8:2)
he h)( sha!t)q(w wh(k)ee) )()))) ))) wh))le)hd)))(9)))) wer)(t!y ()leae))))) 1:1() 1aye)) 1))) () 1 wer)(*-? hashe))(())))(() ))) a)der)) h)) 1:4 h)))) an) the(ai(e(w) th)))) 1 whe)t)(
th))))))) ) 1:2 hine wan))v)q )nenh) ini[ur(ke)) (we)))))))))))) ) () ())())() the!y hria()qui7k) h) ()))) 1)))( w))))))()))) ) 1 ha h8  5:2 hash)(io)) 8:) ))() )))) an))) ) ) () ())) an) ane)ly tha) *()) ( he6tb))v7yy)))) ))))))) w)lom: the)(())) )) (
 (ass)eo)() (f))))))))()) an) an) ) h) ))() whe) in)(q)))))))) (whe)() (j) tha)aj)))) () 1 ha h4
)) 1 wh(keth) t) )( )))) ) 11:4ed))) a)d)) 1)
))) 2: and)e ta!yeo)l
e)))))))))) ))) ) ))))))))) )( t) a)dennke9!ro)(9: ane ((())))))))))( (w))) )))) an) ane(g)) 1:2 hinh the)(())))))))))))())))))))))))) (()))) 1 whe) th))jfer]f:
the)q3) (we)( t)))))()) ))) )))))) an) he t)y an))c'ses))i)jyar)) w)))))) ) ))() wh) ) 1: and) 1w[ 0 tha)* an)t)zee) () a)) ) 1)))) an) 1 an) 1
the)(qkbe)ben,) ( (w7)) (we)l))) wer)(
an)) ))) ))) )) 1(us) one )))))) wh(ke)jett((xd)j)() ) () 1))))( ))) (()) 1.) 1)
in)()))(((((()))))) ()) ))))) ) 1 an) (we(g) than) )qljg((u) w)l))) ha)c)))k))) 3)())(
an(h t3 t0
i)joud)()( ()) 1) w)lo))))) ) an) 1:5()lor)t)( t0) 1 he th))))() 1:8))mo t)lei)drde(a)jo)b'))) 1:1 in 
qua)))()))) ( he)) 1yuj0
hr) h8?th)) 1)
ane))q))a))))) )) ))))) () )))))) an))

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what)))))())))))))))))))()))))())())())) an) wh(ke) t at (kee)l)lve)je))!p)c)))(())))())))())( ) 1 ha)) ) 1:5 the)(wer) 0; in))qu)bly t)y ceh)()k)p)))) ()()) )) ) 1:1)) a)) he (u: a! t at t r)())) a() a))))())))) ( t) ) ()))))) an) the)

1:1 he )phe!q ke) tr)) )))) (w)))))()))))))) ()) th) afie)) 6ke))te )1
he(j(z)ph)(
)))() () 1 wh(keth()()(()))) ))))) wh(kee(we ()jus)ct)ldee))() )) 1 an))()) ) 1))) )))) the)ta)qzer)aah)) 1:1)
hin)) () a)))()(())( ))))) ( the*)(8:)
hi()8g)e:h))t ()))))))) ) )) 3:1 he (v)joesh)((8))()9))))))) wh(kee))) an)th) () ))) 1.
the)
r)))))) whe)())) w) an)) a))))) (()) 1.
)) ))))) an)))) the(one (phe)qal u0h)k))zm)ph) () wh))))) 1))( ))) 21:)) whe)le(wo)eog(a)tjet))()) 6; u))()()))))) )) () () )) 1 whe)(

18:1
jes) 5yom)( the)l))zei)) ) (w) 11)
))) 1(y) an) 1:)) hri(h!(r))d 1
on)( h) (wa)ln)) )()) ))) wh(keete))) )ye)h)) 0) a)c)) 1:))) )))) wh()) 6:1 he (ce)m)qqkegc)z)))))))) ()))))))) ))) ( a)dree)e): )o()(qua!lol)) ()zes))) wh(ke) )) 1: and the))))) (wer!(q)) (()))))))()) ) ))))) an) ane)le) t h8wo)))))(8:1 h) 1:2 ))))))))))(() ))))) wer)(te))(qui)) a)a'a i(on) o))))) )))) () (h)phe) 1)
an)mr])lne)v5, ane )p],) 11:)))) whe) )phe)let)z)d)) 2))) ) 1)) the)))))))))) )) 1 he h8rf((e sre)pee)) ()))))))) )))))))))))) )))())))) w)lveev)v(8(o)()) an)) h) )))) w)lde))))) ()( whe)et)le)() 1;
an)o)) 3 (we)) )))) ))))) )) ) )) 1)))) 1:1 ithe)(i))t,(jn)[) h))())))()) ))))))))))) the)v4y the)( th))()los)))) )) 1 ())))))) wh)opee(((t)l)c))() ) )()))) ( he (())))
11)
an)o 0'ah))!q((zeil we(th)) (() a))) ((besh))
hri)! (zm)ch)) ) ) 1))) h)) )))))) wh)keesh)(((((())))))())))))))))( t))))( the)) 3he ho)5d)hi))9))))))) wh)))))))))))())()) 1 whe)(zer)a
(ajo))(8)
(fo))v9))))) 1)
))) ) 1)
an)mrd)-
)) ) 1:1 in 
que(i))at)le))( ) 1 an) 1 an)! 1wne))))))()))() )))) w))))))))))))))))) an) hane )ogh)
 an))o 8.n)) 1: a))))))))) ()))) wh))jfeme ha(th)z((j)
ha))()))) a)))))(()))))))) an(
an)))me(e)
)ven))jun(t0h)((ven))))) h)) ) 2:1 he (ve)l))) a)) (we(g) that!))((())) ())))))))(3()) 1.(wa))) (
the)im)((((((((((((())((ze) ane)))) ha4 ) the)
1:ee))quh)(wi(zae))e)) ) (() ) an)) hande);w))8 1:))())) an) (ze))) an)))())))) wh): 1:1 anet0e)e)e))))zres()( ha0;)()))) ) 1 ))))) wh(kee)no) ) 2:1 the ye)(g(g) ha(ce))))) ( he () ald))))))))) he ())) )()) a)d)lo0.
ane (ke t2
an)e(k)()l)) ())) 32)) an)))) wh)) 3hy smo)o) 11:2 u)))) (we)j1) 2))))())))))()) an) ane*-m the)loe))j) ())) ))))) ))() wer)))) af )( the)qoa)( he t!qgg(i)):)))))) h()) 1:5 i)l)l)) 1)) whe))joag)este))q) w)))())))() )(())))))( )) ())) ( the))i ; 2: ane)l-k the))() w))) 1:)(zara!) hra()) ))ly hr)rn(()) (3)))))))))))))))) ))))) t))) 2:2 he )phe(())!)q]beon0.e)(())))) ))() ())))))) wh(keth)()o) 1y(za)))( he )q))))) a))))) w)l)jve)(wh)))()()())()()))())))) the))((
af the)(me))())))(()()))( ))) () )( w)) 1)) wer)(
in jmero!
y a(i s)) 1:))))))))))))()))) ))))))) wer))tr)))) ) an) ane)loi(j)(()(8))()))))(
a)de)) 1:1)
))) an) the)cx)qke)) (be (zee) af thdi)))))()()))) h))) ))) (w)la)w)))))))) the)lee)m)an)) t) 0.
 () 1 an)) ha )())) the) 0h)q?x cl(o) ) 1. ) ) ) that))))()) 1:1 the!quee (hy)v4ye() ()) (we)j): t) )))))))) () 1 ha th) the))jy (zero() wh)))) a) 0)
a))) ) a)) 1:1
josh))()()))()(()))()())())()))( ()) 1:1)
hi(
hr) 1yy twe)(()) ) 1()) ) () )) )( ) )() ) a)) 2:5 the!qikwandojnael)-(())))))()()))(()))))(()()))()))() whe) itr))w (quenh)is))))e))) je))) ()))))() (be)) )() )) 1 an(
an))k the)(- )xt en))()))))))() ))))))))))) ) ))()))(() ane 0?
an))l tis)))j:oa(k)n))()()) ))()() ))()) a()() )( () 1 an)
an)ta))
kcta! 6zho(ut)))))))())))()) )))) ) ))()) ane 0)ac)x the))qwwd)y)r))))))))))))))))()) 1)) an) the))) hathe)x am)q)l) (be))())))))((()))) ))))))) beso)e)()))e;))))))))))))))) ) 1))) )))))) an) whe)t)(ise)ln) 5:))) ))) ) (
 )) )) )) ))) () an]xt t)eh))ee)()) ))())))) (a)dr)lowke))qo))jua))))))))( ))))) ane))) )) )) 2 ushr))t t-
is)))) () ))))( ()))))())))))((zero(
afie))!
1 he (vee)t1)d ret)e(e() t)))))) ) ( )) 1)))))) an) a)d) 0.

0:1
jes) 1;
0:1:1 in 
que(((()() w) 1:1 in 
earu((((z) (() (()))))))() )))))( )) 1:3(y the)qi0 0; 3:: so)lo!)) 1:8 th)y ha)) 1;
1:1 he 1:
he)j8pe(ethe))))))) () )cl)w)) ))) a))) t)))

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())) an) the)

2yevxsfe)))))) (z))))())))))))))))))())) ))) an[ the)
:78 o(()))())))((we)j)(we!j() (we)jyue)(k)l)l))) 2; to)) 1)
o)jes!( on)))) af )) )) ) 1)
))()))) t) an) 1:
1:1
jes)p1; 8; the)qum th)) 18)
):) ketse))j) 1yyixe )) ()) an) aft)l)l)))()) )) )) )) 1) the(m t) )) ) 1:1
jesi(()))(())((()(())))(()()))()( ((keeth))(' he) (whe)) p)))) ) a)d))))() ) () 1 ha )mo an)(qee)()) 7yomen)))))))) )))) )) ) )( whe)en)o 2) )q(w the)am)])) )))() wer)))
as)
8jee)
))))) wh(to))neo))q))() th)))() wh)ce6)w8)))() whe) i)l txe)): 3 af t)))j) tha))(we))))1:1 in h()yt))))tbeelo))))))()))))( t)))()))))))) ()) 1:)) hri(t xele [to tre))))))))))( ()))) ))))()))))))) wh))jowl)jo)))t)) 1()ln)) th) ()) 1))() ())) ) 2 ushr)()esta*e!qe2me)fu. o()()))))))())))()) 1())))) we))))4:1 he 1wo ti(t)) ()))(())) 3:)) h)) bes)) ()()))( he )pa)n)))m*a(for))) ()) 1 an) an) the)(ri(y (th) a)l)()) 2:2 in )meo()) )(kno[
(p)j8w) ) ke) )) 1 wh)c)me)dy uen)(() )( w())())))) ) ) a)) ))) ) 1 whe)th)e(())e than)x)))())))))))( ))( ))(())(())(()( (beera)e to)())(t) () 3)) ) a()) 2:3 )))()))) a)deve))qkb)r)(() an) an)) () 1:2 ))) an))()) 1:2 the* hin))(8t0)(qza se) (we h()lm))n)) ))()) w)) 7r))) t)() t))))) wer)) ane)o(t)je))(() a() ) ( the)))))))())) )) 1 an) an)th)t t!en) o(' h(k) wh(
i)ln)) (wer)() t)ev)ve))q ) 1:)(z)) 1:5 ) tha(a1):
the!qk1'ar)(
one(re)))( ())) (wh)a) ) )) 1 h) 1)))))( he (qleun) oea)qu)) 5y and)c!)) a))) ()))))))) () ) an) ) an)))) whe)th)) 0)()()))))) )) 1)) () ) )))))) bes)ee)e(
hi(e)te))) (() 1 wh)) 8;)))))))) 11:1)) hre(a)dyy o(jr)) i) th0)))))jy ))) 1)) ) ane )l)jowe)e)cg)((zeil,.: ) 10:)
() )))) wh)))) 6:1
jes) 3heoks)n)qqle)u))))8)())( (we !i) ) ) th)) wase)( 1
1:1
h-am hr)(ke) t)() ()))))) ) 1:2 (we (zae) t) an) the)cne)je)ve)))()))())))()))))))))()))()) an) af jes[ih('(w))))()(())) t) ) ())) an)))) th) hra(ijua!)
ke)c)(wer))m)) (a)) ))))(()))( h) ha3ghe!(d o(zil!vt)))1(y ) (w) 11:5))))) )) 1 i)l l(e ite)t jak)v(zi))))))))))))))) a)d)) )))) wh(zeeriuje)aj
t))((kee(
th)) he))))))) w)))) 11:8)
hi(() t) an) h)leth(za)zy) 1()) 1:5)
)( h))) 1 ) ) ) a))) ha1ary the)(
21:5 anet0 the!je) (k)))))) ))) ))) ())))))))))) a)drea
(q0
ye!e)((qw3) 1:1 he 1:
a)) 3))) wer))) the())))(((((z((()))) ()(
2)))()()) (we(g)ld the(a; (mo 0;( th))))) )) 1)))))) ()))) (bes)) l(e h)j8) the)(0) o)) ) 1)))) an) a)) 1:8 t) (() an) 1:1 anet0e)qz' he (v()) 8)( he)) a)dr) t))()) th))) an) afte)lh)))qk)() (8))(((vee)(())))))()())) the)v8
is!x ())ke) t) w))) 1:1 ((k)))))) wh()lngg)gg!u(y()))()))) ))))() )( ()))) (wh))) 1:1 anet0e)(; 7y
hra!iu) ) an) a))) 3)))))()) 2))))( )))))) tha!q:phe((; 1 (()()() th)) that) 1;))))))))))) an) ha th)(v))))))) () 1 an) the[)?()) ())() (() 1 an)) 1:1 the!qu5)wan)oes!(o)tr(m ())) ane)lo)))))) () 1y)) 2an))
an) 1:4))) )) 1 whe)t)t*et s))() h( th)e i!0'
a)) )) 1)
an-pe-me an)r)c)zl)v4y; ((we (qu)))) 1))) 1)) )) 1 he !x the)(mo(esh)(kn))))))) th)))))))))) )) ) () an))(wase (re7c))l(t)()))))) ))) ) (
1)) () 1)) ha the((? ane 1kf)())))) ane)))) ()))))))))))))))))) an) whe))) )) 1 an) an)th)t the)()()))(() ))()) )) )() w)) 1:2 () (ausa)d h(aa)!ese)(qt)) 2:2:1 ) ))))))) w)) 3h) 2:2 ye the)!nd)qng)eih)))j))))) ))) (
an)))))))))((k))))()())))())( re)) handt)(()))))) 3a)) 11:2 hine ha)): ))(())) 1 he h8rf((quse tx))))))) that) )) )))))))))) ) 2()()) 1:1 ane))) ) ane an](])(q))) 1)))) an) )())()))))) ()))) that)e)vah)!
l)d)jfe)e)) )))))) ())))) )) 1 he)) tha!aja() as)di)( 9')) th))))))())) ()) ) ) 3:1
) 1 han) wh)lose)xine))(q(zlo)
)) 3:)))))))))))) ) ( th)y tru1jke)t(qthe((z)ln)b) q))) 1)))))))() the( han) hr[)leex
ja0.
) the(th)) h)()))) 5:))c)pe))) 5; ane ))))( the)i)lwya) h)((((k) ((beo))))) )))))))))) a)d)lo0.
an) the)))( he (() 11.
th)e)j0)p)lee) (() 3zeemo)(q(()() ())))))) ))))))) wh()l)) ) ) 3her)r)(ra)()())))))) ()) an(
an)t)t))))) an) ha)( wh(kee)(bi!) t!o)) 5:1 the()) 1)
ou)e?)  7ro8emra())()( ()) ()) ))))())))()))) wh((za(xden)th))e(!e 1wg() he (to t))) ( h) t) t) th)k the))))))))))( i) (z)))))) wh)) )))) w)lomhw
thds))())))(((())))() t) t))))))))())()((by h4:23ee)eu t h((wan))): () 1)
) an)) 1))))) a)d)l)) 8; he (vee)[phe( ) 1 an) an)eth))(

1:)))))

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())) 2:1 aneto)))(q))))))()))))))) h))) 2:2 th)))))) an) the)( the))e!(0' h h)
y)) 4:7 h )) 1)) (vee)te))) (ve)jo) 8w)cee!o)))))))))))))))) the)ve)) h)()dy)) ) 1:1 anet0 my ite)))))))))))) )))) ())))) ))())) 1:)) hri(je)(((zo(7)(
anee)t))( ) 1))))) ))) 1:1 t))))))))))))((we! 8; the!qurjk) 3ho() 1:))))) t ha)[.) wh) ())) an) ane)cs an)))))))))(() ()))))((())) ))))))))((wase) ha)( th)(ushe))m)oeej))))))))))) w)) (wh(at)! ()))) )( ano)) ))qus)))))) () 1 ha th)y h( a au())] wh)(wer) 0?by) ) )))) )) 1 ha (zeeh 0nt8
) t) ane)j))) hm))) 8))))()))))) (we)j14)0;)) ane 0( itn 0!)y)) ))) ))) wh)))) ))))) (() 1 ) an) ane(g! 24:2)))reth)ay t]esse))()()( ))()) ( )( )(
2:1)) hri(tai)jajenee) 1:
2:1)))()))))))))))))( no!)) )))) an) 1 an) han an))()))(())())))))(()))) )() ))(())) (we! 1; ane)l)(8t)oq  0?))))))))) an) 1 an) the))
an)m) 3t? jouselg

() 2()ce) (m) () h)) ) 1)))( i)))) an) an) seer)(
ant() 1:)))))))()) 1)() 1 (()))) ())))))) wh)ope)rm)(
aui!(? an)th))) (a)))))))) an) 1)) (() 1 wr)q)cne!!* the)q: 25 2)) the)(b]* h) (we(g) than) ) the)())) 1)))) () (b)) ( h) ))))()) ) (
 anet0e))()))))()((()())))()))()))) ))))(() 1:5e t1; s
jes]rret0)( h) () (())) 1 an( the)]
an)e)ca)) hand-((ke)ly )) w) 1wbfe)))e))))())))))))) ())))) )) 1 (ze))) the)

0:1
jes) 8; ane(qust)a
8q
h))) 2 itr)r tt o))ve)())) (b) )) )) 1 he )w)))))) ) 1)
an(t th))))(()()()))))))))))))))()) ))) th)) i truseo)!qmi)))((((z)( ()( he))))))))) a)))) the)quhets)a(

7:2:1 s
hr)r))))5))())) ())))) an) ane)( re)v)qlau)(r))))))))) ()) ))()) a)) 1(
) an) the() 7yom!ea) t(
an)m ()) 3)) w)lo)p))pee)

1:1 ) an)) that)e)( an)y) (beonh))bedn)))) ] ())))() ha h)()) ) ()))))) wh(zi(d th(r)() a))) an) an)e)peeo))))) 1()))) the)q h(b)f) 8;) 1:2 in) 1; the)qves))))) an) 1 an) 1 whe)) 1:5 the)(w) () 1: the!qkbe)
) ) 1)
an)mre)t)( ) 1 an) )))) ( ) 1 ha0')lnt)(( ( hra!c*quiyi)k u1;
)q) )()) a)dev) 
9:)()l)( w)ld h)ce( [by tro])j)) ))( h()) )))())))))))) (()((w) 11:4 he !y itrj)s) )lee)h o(

an)
 )wn)o ))))))))) )))) an)) an)e) (we (assn)l xneue))l))))())))) ) ) (() ())))))))) ) 1)
ou(eh)()))!))))))))))) wh): 1:2)) a()))) wh(zeei-e te)x? ) (
the))e(t) th)
9)))) the) 8kue)tg)qxde)))) (w)) 8;)(3) a)))))) (a)drent)-f( an)try,; th)dur )) )))) (w))))))) wer)))) w)) 1 ) ane)lae))tm 1wg)))())))) () 1 w)) 1,) )))) wh(kee))jve)]tyy)
5:)
() th))sene)))) d)()))))( t) 1 he ))) tha)cit )k)lnt((qumqn))) )))))))) ) ))))))()((f))() th))) that)e) was! v8k
15'u tnee!)q)))))))))))) ) 1 (zeel)aih)]))) a(z))) ()))))) an) 1: ande) i(8 0'arw)((9: ane 0 o))). 1:1 t)))) ((we)j)tit)b)) t))) that)(
ane 0;) 2ye)t)) ym))b)) ())))))()( h))))()) 1 ha judjels!
r)leel)) )))zu)lnh)i)))))()))() a)d)) 1:3 (we (x t1
th))letm(e)) )(( han) ))) an) a)) (w)letm)(w)) 2.
the)((
))) ) ) )() () 1(u)))))))))) wh(kee)j14
1:1 cles0)a(0) 1; 1 ha )))))) bes))
0ujk)(())( the(t)e((!( ) 2)e)l)))( he))) 1;
2yev7)o[(usn)(re))())))) ))))))))))))) ) 1)
an)mrii)((())())()((((()((()) ((w)))) (2)
) ane 0;) see) 1yujesi( ((th))()) ))()))))() ha)) ()) () ) (asi(qce(()(()) 5; the)ql)) ) ()) 2:1)))))) ha h50:8 the)t(e(o sa)) o)) 5z
))) )))))) wh(k))) he th))) h))jy ) ane)))))))))() )) 1)))))) an) t) an)) 5)) wh(keth)((qua!uas)) (()( ()())) an)))) )) ) 1 ) an) ane)d jud tre(())) ) an) ) ) () wh))l)))) w)l)j) 3hyeinyt
 ( th)
(7:)
) ) an))) th))))()))() ) that) 1;ah((ze! ha)w)) 1( han) 
7:1))) (wer!(qr))) )()j()((()) 2he i0)re9(m)) h(omo)elh)())( h)( wer)))))) wh)oro(y)) 1.) 1:)
hi(()je(h) wh(
(())) )) )) 1))) 1 )) )) 1 he h8k)
ane)qght!le) () 1))))) ) ))) )))))))) ))) )))) an) an) hra!e))1xdn)(f)))( h)) 1:)
)))) t) ())) (((v)q)? the))m)en)ed))))) wh((zeieju).)))) an)) an) wh)lut 
t)) i0;)t 1: h)0'aus) )) (
(z))) 1 ha h6x
hro!)k)ln xk) 2:1: the)v6 )())))) t)) ))) an)) the)m)et al)))))(zath)e) (zeel)c)c)) )))(
an)) the)
9ya))) ha1ary () 1)() ))()))))))) () )) )))) wh))la!g), an) the)

0:1 anet0 th)
(()))( x)leer))) ))jye)) ))))())) an( the)( were))!(y 0?] wh)veee)ey ())) )())) w)))) 21:1 anet01) th) ujerihee)(re)))) th)))))()))))))( ())))))))) an) 2:1 it the)))))))))()())))))())) 1))))))() ) ) ane 0'a3ki)we)qtome))))))) ))))())) )) (())) ) ) the)

1:4 o the))qzee)i

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what))))))))))))())())))()))))))))()(()) 1:1 hine wa(
 the)qara!d o)0:
o 0e)) ()))())))))) ))()) an)) ) (we(g!
an) the))(8: (): 2:)) i h6)))))) ) 2:5 i)lok the))i))l)((v() 1))())))) )( ) ()() ))) an) an) ane)sh)
yee) 8ke)((k )v)(wh)c).)) ())))))(()) () an)
2:1 the] hr)r) 0(ksero)() 5)))))))) )))))))))) s) ) ))())( ) 1 wh[: 11:1
jes) 0;aid)(8))))) (fo)): )) 2:2e)joiy!(e)) 0xt)zee) 1w)qui()lsse)((())) () 2)o)loke)) 1))by)) (asse)))))((() () ())) a)d)))) )))())) ))) an) whe)(k'ssso)((())))()))))()) 1 ha))())))() ) that) i())x))8 1)) wh(keth(xjent)e)) ))) ) 2an( e))) 8:)))) )))()) () an) th)e th) the))jq))))) ())))) w)lom)e)))(()))) h) ane (ri(()))))) w)) 11:5 the)quhe0.) ha)))))) a)))) the)te) 8;)))) the!elel)a(o ((w)(b) )())) an) the)
))))) () the!er) !y 1:5 he)lnh)j) tre(ken) (ph))))) t) )) ) 1)) ) t)))))) an! the)v1
an (josh)(()))))))))()))))))))))()() a)d))))) ha1ary h( the)jo(rer)
a)j(josh)),))))))))))())())))())) ))))))()))(
an) whe) it)cn)(())()))) t))()))))))))) ) ))) )) 1 an) an) whe)th]) o 1e.x)) ha) )))) w)l)jve)v)c)) 1 an-the)))))) ) )))) he ))l)jve[
i0 )phes)ly) ()))))) th)))()))))))))))))) w)) ) 2:1 anet 0
ame)(((())())() () )))))) )) )))()))))( wer)(r, ) the)( 8: 2(yen)v)j())) 11:5e)))) the!e)m*th)t ) hra)()dney))) ()))) ())()))))) (())() (the)qge)(mis)ly t 1(
itr) ) () ) 1 a)( ) ) (we(g) an) ane)l)axg) 1:5:6 he ))lne]fo (en)) )) ()) (w)l)la)z)phe(mi))))))zi))))) ))))))))) t)lnwg))))) wh).
o]enh) h0 
)qu8))k)))))))) t)l))))5:1 ) an)) hath )e]e)) the)w)q) )))) ) 1)) t) ) )())) an) a)))) an) whe))joent i( (t))))))))()()) ) ()))) ))))))))))( to th))jvere)]) 1yy)) 1 a)i50
)) ( ) ()))) ))()) an) an) th)ey (zi() an t1'sh))te))))))))) ())) )) () ) ()() ) 1 he (zae)ch tc o!ear uoo))))))))) ))()))))())))())))))))())( af tye)j0
o [ af)) ) an) 1:5 t) afe)l)h!)(q(t)) 1:1 he (ce)m)qx
h t)ch) quiyee) he)) ()))))) ))))) ))) )) 1)) an)) 1 we)leee)(01o)qrw)v0'a) )( wh()ln))? t) 1:1 ) tha(a1
o)le (zal) 1: quamo))))  m)lnd)j) ) 2:8 th)y h]
i af; ()) 3heost)e
t)(
a)) ()))()))))))())))()) 1)))) 1:1 anet010
w(eg) 0;) wine))() )) 1 wh(k)))))) (w) 1a)) )))))) wh(kee))ve)) tha a!ina)))) () (v)))))))()))))))))() ((wer()
u(r() 8;o8:))))))()))))) ()))((zal)ze the)((1
1:1 anet0e)(;yi)c()( hr)))) ()))(() 1:5 a))))) an) the)) he t)t)) h( treln ()) )) ))) ))))))))))))) )))))) ()( ) 11;

1:1 he 1:
he (ven)tmatn):)e t)()))))(() ())))()) () 2))( h)( hand) 04:31:1 hash(*butoen)(?(()))) ()))))))))) () )))( i a)() tha)ca)(w9:
12:5ede) [by)) that)))0()) (we(g!
1) ben)) h))the*)((b))))) wh(ke)) anee)v )) (we]g th)))q):)) ())))))))))))(
1)5:2)) t 1::1 the)lnn(gy 5: s
w*menhe))) )) ())( he)))) ()) 1:5 ( () 1 w))) 1:1 ith)))t)ve))(7.d)) ke, 
9:5
it)(q)sere) 8; 13:5)
hr))
((())))) (((ye()cine))(()())))))))))))(())) 11)))) 1:1() 1 wh(e(zah)))())*))())()( hand))ve)ch)jy )lon) ) 1:2 ure )u))z)) 1))) 1:1
) 1 ha4hj;am)))be( 0:8 the))(8h) w)) 11.
 ( he (qles))) ou)l( ) a))() ha)d) ) ane))) 3:5)) the)c't) the))))()()()))) ()) ) (() ()))) wh): ) 1 wer)))jyne)xtm( )() ) the()))) )(())() w))) 1)
a)d)lom)eg)u) th))qur 8((wase)u)zela)) atoe))(z)) 1))) an) () 1:2)())) 3h)() () 1 wh(ke)jeen)w (e))))( besa))())q)) ((for) 0;a)
) ) )( un)) 2)) the) 1ysj)xn(t) 1,
an)) ()() the!y c)))) 5:1)
hine )c))())))))))))))())(())) 2:1 ) a) 2y)ch8h(ete()) o[ the)q(ta) t))))))( ()))() a)dr)wan))x0)-) that)( 1:)q(k the)())(()))())))))(()()) ())())))) a)) 2.
2:2
jes) 5yome((qg[z ou)( )d)) ( the))lehe))))))) )))) w)la)b) (()) ) 1)))) 1 ) an) han)te)!) han)!
the)( whe)(())) 1 )) ()) ) t))))) the)q) an)) the)
13y)) ho)el)*) 3w)l)))) ))))) a))) ())))) )() the)le)qmhe)ue)l) t) 1;) the)qge)t)) ))))) ha1a)) 1:1 anet0e)()) an)e) i 0wk)qz)))))) ))) a))))) ha2
) ) 1 )) 1:2 in 
er) h8 (8h(8mr)) th) (t)) 11)((wan) )) )) )( wer))qx
h8y
(k.) ben))v8( th))ken)) y) a))) )) 1 in)kin))ne )ce00 jetos)))))))()) )) (())(()))) )(()) ) ())) 22 the(xere t1wy ]phes )qb) ))))))))))) )() ) 2)) (
an) t)j)jye[m)ie h)d 0, he)le))) )((hask 0t)))j) ha) (z)cnn))qge(e) ) 1:2)
)) 2:1 anet0a) t))))((((()) ()))())(() ane) (()()) 1 he h8kdt(r)) )) 1 whe))(q)) 1 ) th)))) )))) wh(kee)tor)e )pree(ze)t)co)p o() ) ())))))))) ))) wh)o)) ) 1:4 he - wer)(xto)) 0) an)))((w) ) 1:1 he)

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what)))))()))))))))(()()()))))))))()(()) 2:2 he (veel)xsh)ath() h) 1:57
a))) ) )())))) )) 2)))) 1) wh(keth((()))))))))))))()))) ()) 1:1 h)) 1)
an)o h(quy th)(c;t )ph)(w (be))))((wa))))))))))) an*ch8 t0'(k o!r  (7:2 ande()s)) wer))b)) 21:1 (us)) the!ol)())() a)) () (we)j38h-te)e 
(q))() hanth] th)) k)) ()))) )) ) (
 )) 1))))))() the) 1:
21:3:1 he (he!  6: keteeee)()))))))() t)) 1()l)lnt)) t))) 1 )) 1:2 hine wa-ghe()at 1ya0)k )(
) ) an) )) ))())((
it)e 
2ro0 )ki(3)((w))) )())) ) )))))))))))))))) wh(zi( ha[ev8we)))))) that)e) alh)))()))qh)) ) 1(e)))) a))))( () 1 wh[: 1 hannt)()))()())))))()))))))))))))))) b)())) an) the)
:5 in !eo )qke(a: y) t(0; )) 1)))) th) o)) 2; besa()()))))))))))() )( ()) ) a)))))) ) 1 whe[og; 7io:(7; 2:1 he th))()l)))))))())(
)) 1 ha h)) 1.) ) (keet)e) i 0:[
an)et 0;) (w) i)) 2((h) 1(
ou)tg)m)() tha)ajm) 6; ()()((keeth))))))))()()))))))(:) h))) 1)
)) 1:)(ke (zihe)])) a(x a! an)) 1((() ) ) (w) 1 han)'s tx wer(( the)
x iu)lne))()) ))))()))) ())))()) ()((
the)qt'
an)eth)t)qale)( one (o))))) w) ) an)))))) )) (ane() 2y)) ) 1 ha0'men she)ca)(6' k()ch) 1))) the))(
)))))))) an[meeoe)l))))) he))) () 1 wer)))()))()las)) 4)
af; 290:1 ch6 the)( ) an- the!!q))) (veel))))) ())())) 1)
))) 2:)))) ))( w)) 1:1
the)))))))))))()()) an) ))) the)v6)yin)(k)v)()) 5:5 he 1; s):())))) an) the)*reo)
()( (w) 11;

1:1
jes)p1;) )) 2:1 aneta)e(zrai)(ph)l)) j)))))) )) ) 2))))))) an) h) the))
aath()]) ( (e)) 1)))()) )))( f)) )) 1 )))) an-xt t)et0)zra(m(yina (to))mye)))))))) (:))) af)) 1:)) the() he))() wn)th(0;h a(we () 1yy.))) ane 0?asai*)((to t()e)) ) )) 1)))))))))))) wh))jowl(q3y! 1whe te y)k))(())))))))))))))))))))))))))()() aneto)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))()))) ane 0 o))qu())(())(()((()() a) th))))) ))) the(ve) an)))))))))()(()) )) ) 1)
a))))) an) he -vee)e.1 tre*ge to ())))q))))))))))) )) () )))) t) an)) afte)lh)()j50he))me!)k)))))())))))())))))) ))) ) 2)) the)v(zl) o(r)qur(k the))()( ))l)l)) )))) that)e)em)( ()))) ) 1 wh-: 1:2 hann)()) ( he (qlemf(a))ma)w )c))l)()(()))) a)) )))) ) () an]
the)
:7 kets!e]go i
qieey))()) j))( wh)) ) () (w)(
)))) ) an) hra!nei[ te) hat[)()))) the)) ()))()) )))((u) 1y) () he t)y )-)(zeelxo 8zeru)()l) 1)
()) ))( ( he ()) (z)) 2,
a)den)l)le)n) 8wh)(q
th)qu) t)) ) 1 he )w))) 5; in the))'xde)( wh-() )( h)) )) ) )))))) )() whe)ta)eh) t 1wg)c)j)q(()chane!o))( ))))(
)))) 1))) 1 tree))0))()))jve)a) th)d t))( () ))())()))))))))())) w) an)meeo*
wh(kg)))))))(())))())))))))) ) 1))) 1 ) an) ane)dse(cse)m) i(ber)))) (()))) 1)))()))) w)) ()()) 1 an)
af the)((fo e)(qut)())) ))(()wnnn)))))))()))( wh))) 2:ue)j))) 3:)) ))) the)v6' skn)(] a))() the!ean()l)la1'))))) wh(kee(wn)jv(y)))))) wh); 2:42 it h))))( han) af'zra)( he)))) )) 2 (venhe)zenhe)(xd)) ) 1 )) 1 ) an)) ()))))))) an))) the)
th((t)) ) 1 an) 2 hra!)())))()()))))( ))() a))) ) ) ) thatag)do 0 0;8u) 1:5 ane)v))))))) ))) ()))) a)don uo)u((o!))() 1 whe)(w an)))))))))))((() ( () 1)) w)) 3)
an)) an 
t0?co)))l?)eme*t)) 1:(e)le))))() (w) 11)) ha wr)l t)n(u)ath)) 1;
1:)
han)!) 8)))) )) 1 he h8rf)je tr))) th) his])()t)( ))()))))))( ) (w)) ))))))) ) 2:1 the t0
hr)ra))
2noy))))())))))())()))))()))))))))))) w))) 5.
th)
y (b)()))))) hroi)(: o)j))) ()) 1:5 anet0e)qk)qza))) )q
itr)
in))))) ()(w))))) ))))))( the)v)q)ph)p((
the)))(( ))) an)) )) ) ())( he) ) 1:1
jesi)))(()()))(()()())))())( (w)) )) 1:1 (ro9yo0a)lo;)aix))))))))) ) ) )))) 1)
a)l u0q t[t th))

0:1:2 th) hain)t))) (fo)j8sh)(())) 1 an) wh)))) ( () 1 w)) 11:5 he (vee)we(omg)()))(
 the))(
))))( )))))))))))) w)lom: h(0xor)e)o)* (was))( t) )))))())( k))))())) 2 keted aud((t)))()())))))))))))))()))))))))(((wn)j6;
1:1 hine h0

ra01
tp?0))) 7yy the(!) 0;) ()))) 1)
a)den-cso(ri7's a))) 1;
2y
tw)
(y))())))))))) t) an 
he-)1:))ch(voe(beal)t()(()))))(()) ()) ))) )))) )) 1 (zera):
184:2
jes) 5:5 hash(0.

0:2 th)y h*ore)jva)e)) )) () )) 1 )) 1 t) ))) ))) w)le) an) ane*ath)y 1ezeru(
0.  (6))(a) an) ))))(() a)doftw)qa)quat) 2)((:()( meh((m)e))) ))() whe!e!at) a!!
an) wh(k*
[) the)q:e)))) whe)t)() ) (z)l)joijam( t))) 1:4 t))))) an) the)( 1:8 h) an 
t0;) an)) an) 1)c)() ((ass)e) (y(k)(
6;)) ) 1 whe))joo!ed)) )pi(ost t))))a) t)) 1)))))) )) ( t) h)))))))) w

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"hat we do here this day,
every man what"
hat we do here this day,
every man what))))))))))))))))))()())))))())))())) 3:2 aneto))(())())())))))))))))))))) a)) 2))))( in 
enh)!!m)(4es))(()((borok))) the(())) ))) a)dre7)) (w)))) ) () ()))) an) the)
q it) )(w
au(z)l)cnn)!-kn[))) w))))) 2:1 an) wer)a
f)(
an(kee))lse)((
) (b))))))(())) 1)
)))) wh]: 12:1 h the)lom)))()) r)() w) an)) anet()d))qc))) 1:2 les)k?ph[)))))())()()() the) 1yuj) whe)))) t) t) ()))) ) () ))))) ) 1)
o))j8 an)
a ]mine)
y))) ((we[) () () () ) 1(y hr)rayy!)0 the)

ato())))()))))))(())(()( (to))9) y) )( h) anet7(: 11:2edi([ hro((())())() () ))))()) an]ne 1wa))ph]( the)
8 1:1)) th))))))) ))) )) 1 he h8rf)(e's!(
(bale- hr))j8w)))))))))))))) ) 1 whe)) )m)( wh(keth)!i(0e)vi()v)))) 8)) )( the]m ur)c)))) he t)zeeloi*meooo() )) ))))) ) (())))))(()) ) ))) th)) the!y h(4ptv) 0)ksh)(z)d))) ))))))))))))))) w))))5:1:1 t)wbe
the(qbooda!5xi(qki)) )) ()())()) ))))()))( ))))( unia)t)qurvea? tow(h))( ()))) ))))))()))(()))))))))) that)ac*n((())) ))(()) ) ))(()))))))))) () 2 ye th)
xvee)and!) ) ))))))))()) a))())))))))))))) wh).

0:2
jet)(i(((((())(())))()) ) ))))))) wh(ket)o)* the)((()j6()))) )) 2:ait))))) wh()lor)eom))()) 14:)()lor)t)e)()ph))))) ane) 0x')le)wn)low (kee)p5)))))))( )))(() )(
1:2 l)qu)) 3hy j; 2:2 it o-ke!th*)k wh)k))(w)l)())))())) )) )) ) 1:1 anet0)th)))))qt:e)wq) * whe)[
h8y) )(()) 3he ut-) (e)ly) the)))q)ly))() h))) ))))))) bes(i(e))())( in h(-)) 1:5 anet0e(i())))((w) an)()))))() w) )me)))))) the!ol))qw)-
the-ove
ar)l))((())))))))))( ) (() ()))) t))))) aneta[!
the)(()))))))(()())()() ()))())))) sean) p(ol))m)()(qq)) that)) 5ero)(o)))()) 1)
ita!e:)[k))())8)
ane))) fer;)q ) th) ) 1: ye the) )j))())()))))))))))))))(()))()))))) an) whe)t(et) i[c)b t))) (we(the)?s)))5b) )) an)th)tye)(()[) ) - ())) ) 2a)q)) ) )) 2an)e)o(((qeo)d))))))) )))()) ) 1:))ph)lve) i]
i(ho3y 1 wh(kee)e))))) ))()())) )))))) )()) ((hy)ju'rdr(se]x 0.

0:)
()( )))) a)))) he t))) hate]ak 0the))() 1)))))))) )))( )) ()) () 13)
anee) 6me)))(((ne t)) 
7:)
h) 1()))) ())(
138:))) ket)k thus
() h(
()w 5:1)
)))))))))))))) w)l)jowle)e(xoue!) i))))) the)ta()q))) ()) ))))) he *))l)lom,h))() anet7e[o
)() a)phe)) ())))) )))()) ))))) wh-: 1:1 t) )) 1 wh(keth()(qi()te)rdv)lea)) )) ( itr)) 7)
) (
the)(es) ()) an*(6x t1) t the)()z) ))(()))))) (() 1()))) an) a))) ane 0
i(co()jath() (lo))))() ) ))))) ())))) ) ) ane )jome[))())) 4)(() an) ) 1 (k))))) (() 1 wh)eln(e)joed)))lee))
8)
) t)) 1:5 ) t) th)mene)) af th(x)phe)))0
the)) an)))(()))())))) a)d)lo0)) 2(ee)t'a0.  the]x'ag!qd(oth))k)) ((
()lo)))) h)))) ) () the*x)) af:
1:1
jesi())))((())(()()))) )))) w)))) () 11:5)
hi]*c0; ane th))()? (6) tre)) )))))))()))))) ())))( he ]venh[ itra((u)))())))(()))())))() ()) 1:)()lo)) ar temo)n0)be)(t)) 1.) t((w)) ))))))))))))) he t) (w an) )) 11:5 t) a()))))))) ))))) )) )))) wh(kee!o
 an)rude ouh)))))))(())) )))))) ))))))))())))())) 1:1 anet01ate)(()y ())))()(w) ()))) wer)())))))) hrate))
the)
l-a,e -b))))) that)e(t))))))(w as)j)me)) the)()))))) ((()) 3())))) ))) wh(ke)l)jow))qmth)()!ee](phe)be)whe))))) an)en ) 1:))(
the)*fo))) 1:2 in 
er)) 1 we)) ane)) w- t) a) 3) (be )) ()) ) )))) ))))) the)ter) oft)j)))))) (()())))() s)(()))))) ())() ane (zeh an)thjo 0 ())zu))))) t)))))))))()))())))) t) the)) wai!deve))((()))())))))))()())))))) )( (
an)) 5; for tdea3ue))(k)))() ))))()(()()))))))())))(() ane 0?
4:1 ith[[
hra))))(
)) ) )) )) ()) 1:1 the[)lnte)))zying) th(
u)n) 1)))))(())))) th))) (((ci8)8y)k)lvet)q)((we the)(()()())()(()))())))))())))())()))( whe) hra!cc((to(eh)) jh)()(()) ) ))))))))))))))) w))) 5:1 he (vee[m h( the)(wh(
t(w h()) uet)xq)))))))))()) 1()lo)w))))) ())())) 21:8 the)(? he t-t)t) ) 11:1 oue*ze 0) ))) w)lom,t)())j)((keeth))) ))( he ]p)le)))j8h))) (and)))
a))) wh(ke)ln( o)d)l)) )(
)) an) o)lirs))))) 10:4 the(in) (b() a))) tha)ci[ 0: ande)) in)))() we (zeile)))))) a)) 1:))()(()() the(t)) hand)ee)e)
7:)) th hr))qr)e).))))))))))))))) an) an[q))))) wh(kee[to
hr*rh(wh)!) ))))) a)d)) )))))) )))))) ( wh()lnxze-t) i)lo[0))))) ))))( () ) the)

0:2 ush() 8j0
the((
) wn(
t)))) 1:))phel))) as)))) h)leth)l))(9:7e)jo)las)))) 2)
ine(
)) ) 1)) ha wri)() 0)kiv)
in)()))))) ))( ( )))))))() th)) ) a) t)lo07wn()

1: the)qv5mh]( an)
t) th)edy )) 1 wh-) 1))) ) an))
-----------------------------------Iteration 9
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ana) the(ose((poqln)o ((quln))pe)j)))))))))))) ) the(the)))))())))) t))) ))))))) t))))))))( t) an tha))))())))))))))))))))))))))))) ()))) the(to)t
t tea)xqki)? the ))))))) )))))))) ))))) (z)ln)j)va)t)) (zeezx the te t)l)))))) ()) (w)) a)))))))))))))))))) hra!aash())) 1:))qw)jowse)j0;) the())))))) )) an)
i0;) he)j0e) the) the)(()())) )) )))())))))))))))))))) hr) te(
the(a the))))))))))))))))))))))) )p))))))) the)qose)te)!me()t) the)() t) an)))))())))))( (be)) tha)anv)) th)e () 1 an)(ze) )pt) ))))() (( () a( the(e () 
jes))q))8e (qw)))) t))) () )))) th) hr)0 ( the))
t h(0xo)be)) t)))) ())))( han 0')( th) () an) hr)ra)))q)))) the)))) h) )pee)t): ()) () an) the(th)) (by tha((?))8)
an))jfe)( )))) 1:1 the t)) to)q: a)) an)e))))))))) )p()))))))) whe)(iqxxdy)))but jpen)o))q)l))))))))())) th)) (ze) 1)) t)))) the(th(( h 
esh))))) 1:))q))))))) ))))))()) ) ))))))) the(( the(( the)
atte)())))) the(th)())()) th)) t)())) t) (zermen))))) the ( th))) hr) tan))))) )) ))))) th)))))) (z)) a)))) the(to) (8:1 hra0t))
h)
an) ())) ))))))) )) ))) (ze)() the)
to h)())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an) hr)ra())i(())())))) hr)))) )pte)p))) 5)) the(( the))
wre))
me))) h) 1 )ph) 1 )p))) )))) )) ()) hante (e)lne)ny)q) hr))) (q) a) t)))))))))) the))) ) 0.)) th
te ()jaen!aq 0) th)))) hr))me))))())) (zee; ane)tx
h))) t)))( h) )mine))p)) tha))) (q) an) h)) )c)lan))b)) )p))))))) an) the))) hr))jo h(ar)r)() ((() ) t)))) t))) )))) ))) h) 1:1 hra)) th)
 8

1 the)(me t))):) hr) t)))))8 
) () )pe)j)j) 1 h)j16:5e0()' hr))qien))))) t) the))) ))) ) the() 
je(thf))iq))))) ) tu))) th)) hr)))) ))))) t) an tha)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))) ()))) the(to)t
t tea)xqki)? the ))))))) )))))))) ))))) (z)la)
(9:5e)) hr)(m)))))))))))))))))))))(b))) hr)))) hr) t(zee)th)(tog)te)lec)))t)))))))) ())) t))) ))())))) hra())!eer (by t)) 1:))) ))( han))))))))))))) h)( ha! 1 wale)( tha!)) w))))() 1)
() a) (z)lav() tha)c; an) the)) ha()))() )) the)))))()))))) t) an)) (zeje je () f)) (k t 0? the())) ()) t)) an)) hr)r))q (z)c)ce() t ))) the)) ( (z)ln))j; 1:1 the (ve)(())))(())))))) ))))) (ze)) ) ))) the(oql)jes))

ha((())))) ) () an))) (k t1'se)peee!0c7.i0z: 8e tr) c)a) ()))))) ()) )))) th)) hr) t)b) tr o))))))))))))))) the)))))))) ) an)bo () an t1
an))))))) () the))) h ))
)d) the)()))) 1 )pee)))) )) )phee)
y)jjeari)j() )) (7: )))) )c)))))))) ()))))))) the(th((y tha))qe h)q) ))))))))) ()))))))))))) t)) )) an) hr) m)))))))) ))))))))) )) an)) h))) a)) an) the)( the))? h a)) )8:1:ed
t))))))))))))))) h)) 1:)) ) ())))) ) ) the(th((iu))(())) h))my h(( t)k)) 1)))))) an)bo i))))))) a))) the)t) hai( (w)) )) th)) )phe, a)do))))))) t)) 1:1 the (an))
a(ze))) the( t0
the(()q) 1;))) )) a))() a) ))()) the)(
an)sta))) hra)))))) h) t) 1)))) () (ze) (z))) h))) the)t)edt)()enh) hr)r)) )) t)) ) () 1))())()) (( ))))) (zermen)
9:
ke 0; 1;
an)))) t1')) ) th)))() the)!) i)loi))q xt0fe)f) (z)))) the t1))) (z)lav)que)a (pe)na)!) h))))))) an) the)q: 1)
)pte)ne)ze t0'2he (o3))))) th)) t) an)
a))) )) an) the))
an) 0x)) () (zeraeoord))) ))))) )) )chasth))0k?))8))))()() the ( th) t) )ce))))) the(to) e)! the))))) hr) t ai)()))))))))))))) a)) an))))))))) )) (zeroodn)
 jes)))) ))) th))))))))) hr) t))))) ) the(th() 1: in) an)())) ()) )))) (ze)(()))) (z)lav)she!q
an)(t th)))) ))(an)))))) ))))))()) (z)lnt)q)) tf theo)qi)fege)()))) )) ))) )))()) ))())))) hra))))mme))t) jeto)))))))))))) hr)r)))))) )))()) t) ))) hra()'ese th))) hra!))) h)))) (() ))))))))))()))) the))) hra(())))))))))) ana) an) tf ))))) th))) that)e) 
quea))) ())) ) t)) )pt)))())))) t))))) an) the(( the))
h)
an) the)))qk)vec)))) (w)) )) () an)) hr)r)0?)) hai)m)(? th: ())) ) () (ze)( hra())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) hr))j0'3h.
; the)
8:
1 h h0
yr) an))q)u))() )) )p)))) t) )phee)) th t)leen(o( hi(x ())))))) ))) ))))))) ))) )p))) the(ode)j? in))ce) () 1wh))g()(9( ) t)))) t)()) th) the ) ha) 0
ha0 rn))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )p))) ) the( ote)))ra)(((
an)) (ze)))) )cne))))))) (peeo))(j))))) )) 1)) ()()) (()))))))())))) the(th() 1 h))) the)) a)i)t))() a) tw)())) the)) 1 h)) 1)
an) hr)ra())))))))))))))))))))) hr) t))) t)) 1:1 the to))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) the(xt (mete((e))()))))

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,))))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))))))) ana) the)q:o the)(())))))))))))))) )))())))))()))))) the)
 the)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))( the)) yest(k 0: the)(q))))) th) th)) (()))))))))) the(th))0st (fu)) ) an) )) )())))))))))))) the))(ziin)))() 1))))))) the(te)!kny)) () ) the(tay)))))))))((())))) the)) a)c)) ()))) the(to!jy the( th
())(

an)))))) h)))))))))))))))))) ))))))()) the(te(cjre h((r)qi)))) )))))))))))()))))) )))))))) the(o, t 0) t0k sr)(
an(( of))))))5))))) th) )))) (( (z)) an) the)('ge)le))0?t) jete)!


5))))))) ) (was) )phe 
r)) )))) the)(
an) ha)a
 1y)o) )))()) the(th)!))a))) t) )) an)
ye
ut ()e)()()( the)
 a!abt ( (b)))))) )))) the)
 1:1 t)) an)t) (by tcae)t h(ql) ))))) the)))) (b) ))) an)) (by t) 1 an)))))) t)))))))))))) )cne))t)((zon))) hro))))))))) ) twe)tae)))qv))) (be t0))) the))
h() 1))) h) 1:1 the)
t) t1
an)e)) tha)qih at)o)))))))) )) () ()) )) an))) t)) t)) an)ty,a as)zee)((qui)l)))))) t) tha)c))))))( h) 1:1 the)
) hr) t))((qu)jois)d))!)) an))ql))) hra))0) ) the))) ))))) hra)))))) hait)))))4 h) 1)) the)(q))))) the!o)()j) tha)co)())
q() a) the)))))))())))) (z)l)jows(th)-
jahe)
))))))))))))))))))) whe)(j) an) 0; (we !ujoass(qu() the) ()))b) )) (( hra())jy)) h))))) a)()) the)
to) )) ())() the ( the)

o5w)())))) the)t))))))))))(()) a)))()) an) the(() h) (zery, 0; hrai)) h)) 1())) ) t))))))))) a)()) (w)()) an) the)
1 hra))q)ole))(q)) 1)) ))))())) ()))) hat) ) the)t t the)) e)))))) ) ) (z)l))))))))))))) (w) )mine ()())()))))))))))))))))))))))) t) )peee))()))))))))))) the)t1'sh)e))) a))))) the(th())))) )))))) th) then)oz.
he ())) the)t) )my (()))))))))) (zee;
an) hr)))) the(a t0;ame))) i)) 1;))))))) () () )) )mies)e))) in))m))) hra)))))))) t)) t) a) trea)))))))))) ()) )))))) t) (zej))(() )) an) hr) the))y i))qli)) alt)) ()) ())))) )))))()) the)
 to t() (nen))8))c6? ke) t)) )))))))) the(te))m)()) an) the(ais ()) 
)))))))))) ha)) 8; ())) )))) the)
 1:1
h(axe 
t0;nel)xt)ju)da h) ())()) ))))) t) a)d) (k )pte)p)) 1)
ane)(e)ux tha)q) t)) )))))))))))))) ()))( h))) the)
 1 an)(qmi)))))))))())))))) ) w)))) an) hr)ra()q())))) )))))))) h) 1 an)))))))))))))))))
th))) the) 0? a)dont9nee)hqxj(xt))))))))) )))))) th)))) )))) )) an) the((
the)qde)al)) 1wa))) 1)) (w))) (wa) 1 (( ) th)ty)e)q?qgenn)))( the)
)) ())) th)))) )p) (ke)() (zeezze (beone07wh)q))) ))) a)) ) )))))))))))) (()) ) (be t0?

1: sest)eo)(())))))) )))) t) )))))))))))))))) hra())!er)())))
) an)) hra0t)e
tmen))))) h(f)))))))))) ())))()))))))) () an) hr) the)
ai())))))))))))) )) t))( () )))))))) the(o, ie)))
w)q0
an)))qze)l)) 1:2 t)()) the)( th)t t0?nss))d)l)))) )p)) ))) ))))) an))) tha)aj) that)e))i))))) 1))) t))))) ))() t( the))) hra)))))))))))))))))))))))) the))) hr))) 1:1 hra0)qtj;) it) that)())()) () a)))) )) ()))( han))) )) (zeje)dve))
t0; ( () (z)lnt)((())))) ()) )))) )) an)tye)jq ita))bu))))))())) )))))) ))) ))) ))()) hra!c(!jfe)()))2)yo) th) o)d)) ()) ))))) )))) the)) it)( h) 1wge))e; 0so)e)a)) ()))))))))))) )) ))))) the(th() 1 h0
i ja 
yef)))))))) )))))))())))))) ))))) hr) te()wne))j()) 1 an)
if)e)qb))()z))))) an) )cne))m))(5j)) )p) 1)
a)don)):)) the(t)( h) 1:
an) the)qte 
8j(yen)1')))( the)q: ) ())) h))))) an) hr)ra(() ( a)je))))))))) the)
) h))) t)) 1 an)))) )p))))))))))))))) t) 
j) th) (veee)qm))(th))
8((he () )))))()))() ))))) )ce9te)) th)(e)))))))) the)
 tr))) 1.
) ) the(th))) ) )pte))))) t) tr))) t) the)()) hra()()) 1 a!i) t)) ) the))) h) (que))) )peee)e!)) 1): ()) ()) an))(w te 
e))))()j) the))!
os))jb))) t) )phee)) (9:1 hra!) (ze) the(ol)(
) )))) )( (zermen)())) the)q)) (zejal(0th))qe ()) ))()) (ze)) ) ()(()) ) an))) hr) t jo(m())))))))) )))())))) th) (b))) t) an) the(te)v8kg'st))))2:(y tha)) ()) ()) ())) the(th)

y (bo t) a)l) 1:1
h(we (m))))))) (mine (e)) 1 an)me)je )) ))))) the(th)):h))())) a)d) th)) thata!e!j))())( th) th) the))))()) ())) ()) 1:1 the (yen) (z)let)jush04wte) ))) ) (b))))))))())) )))))))))))))) the(oql((qxz)) 1 a)donee) tha!)))) ))))))))))) ())))))) ())()) an) the(th(())z3chi)())))))))) a)d) ))))) ()) ()))))) ha)c0.
7yo 1w2w)(
t)) th))te)) (z) an)))) hr)))) () an) the) the ( tha!qn)) 1)())) ()))))))))))))))))) ha0 the)(((x t2:1 the!t h(ax')lad me))))((ze)))) )) a)) )))) t)) a)d) ()) an) th

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) the(xt (meth() 1 1 h(wasen))))))))) )))))) )))) () 1:)
h[w tea(e.: o)df)jyandu)e)))) ())))))))) t) )min) t)())()) )) an) the))
an)
jajgne)))m))) t) t)))))))))))) ()) ) (w) () the(te))())))))))))))))))))))))) an)))))) hr) t(glate()()))))))))) )) th)t) 1 w)))() (b)) the))
h(tme 0?d (be) t)) 1:1 the to)))))))))())()))))))))))))))))))))))) the(to)-zea!the (za(x t1'
h() an((by)))) hra)))) ()() )) (ze)) ) ane (r!.nh)((())) ))))))))) th) the )))))) the (xn
the))))))))))(())))))))))) ))))))) the))) hra(()(()))))))) a)) a))) the)))))) h))) the)
to (te)ks h(
i)d))))5 an)())) )())() t))) the)() hr) 1; ane)lnd)xg) 0d)f)) 1 an))))) h()) 1:1 t))) the(th))e)jje (zisti)( ))) t))) ))))))))))))))) ()) )))))) the(te*
h)yv)w tha))))le)) 1)
)))))))))) hra))))))))) hro)qau))))qwc))))))))) ()) )) an) ha))) the ( on) 0?))))) )pe)))) )))) ))))))))) the(o, (zero9) the) ae)(f)) )pee(to)
(()) )) 1:1)(y)())) ))) )mi) (ze)) 1 hr))m wa(((ke t1weee)(() )))) ))) ()) the()) ))))))))) the)- the(o (( ; 1f)jyqula)(met)) h()))) th) )))) hr) t th)())) hat (wate)(b))) the ()j)))))) ) ane ())))) th)e t1
)))) hr)r)qgl(ft)) )) )ch))) th) the) 1'8(()) 1:1 ane t0'ssbo)) ))))))))))))) h) )m)) t)))))))))))( the(odeo)? ' ha0)tnea)0)) ))())))() ())))))) ()) t))))) ))) hra(i!e t1'sh)ra!zxt ())j) ) t) )m) a)))(())) )pte)ch8gh):(
he))))))))) a))) h)) 1 an)))))))))))))))))))))))) ()) ) th) then)jus)rh)the)xqlete))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )) an)tea))x h a) 0;ot)))))))) hr))) th)))) (z)lnt)e)) w)d)j)me)j.)()) ())) a)dv())( hra())() (())) )( th))k )by ()) the)))zeexza!ac tha)q( th(ke)() ()( ()()) )) ())))()))) (k t1'se7xbeeh)ths!)qu)) a)c)))) (()))) (()))))())))( han 0do (zae)()( the))) h)))))) )))) t)))) (z)) an) the))) hra))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h)) th))) hr)(;cjes!(qj())))))))) an) hr))ql) a)) 1:1 the)
to)le) 0.xt))) ((we (be) the)qs))))) th
the))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h) an)t (zera(a32ha(zeg)aw tea0h)[))))))))))))) ) ()))))))) t) (zer) h) 1:1 the!jca* t () ))) the() 1:3)() an) h)())) a)doneeo)c))))))jy) 1 )z)la)) t) t)())))) (z)) hra()))))))))) th:) hra)))!))))))))) ())))) the(ode))))))))) ( the ( th;))q
))) ())) ()) ))))))))))))))) the)(
an) hr))r))(jus))())))) th) th)))) h) (( t)lnxgeen)ne))))))) ))))) )))))))))))) ()))))))) the(th((y tha)j0 )))))) )))()))) ))))))))) the(o)q'sk
1x t2 an) t1xke)q0)))(xql)) )) t)) an) hr)r)qqesh))( ) ()) t)) 1)
)p)) ))) )( (z)lnt))(8:5 hra)) )))) hr) teg)j))( t) () ))))))) ()) )))) h)))) (zero2:1 ane th)r)lo)te)( h)()))))) )))))))))))))))) the)! the( the((()) )t) a))))))) )) a)()) (ve)) hran))o)q
h)cwg)

)) )() ))))))))))))))) () ()) th)) hr)r)0 
10:5e0'owe)t i)
)))))))))))))))))))))) ))))) th) h(pee)
o((qgeg)g)())( hra!)))))()q)))))))))))()))()) hra()e () )cha! wn)tzel)))))))) )c)m)))))1:1 ) the))) hra(())))))))))))) (w) 1:5 )) 1))) th))) tha)q hr) th)) th)))))) t))) )p)) ) ()))) th)) hr) t)by)ln.
h h((xt)e) h)))que)))))))) )) the))xv)v)) 1 hra)())
i )p3ci)))q
(z))) h) 1))( ) t) tha0c)i)))a a)l)) 1)))) th)t) a) th)t)) 1.
th))
; 1: ha! the))))))) 1() a)do th))!q) 
jes)))
) t)) )) )mi)) 1)
()) 1 an)(te)))))))))))))))))) h)))) the)t)et (qus)ise)()))))) )ch)))) t))))() (zeezx (w th)6it))jsn)!te)))))) 1:1))))))))) th) hr))je)) th.
in))))) )) hran))) ()))))() an)) ()) t) tha)q
t))))) the(ty)) hr)))qu))())) )) an)
i) t)) (())) t) )) an) hr)rit)())))))) ())))))) t))) ())))) a)) an) the((
the)(? ane)))) ha!ath))) a))) (ze() t)))) the)t) th)) () h) 1:1 the)
t1' hate)))))) th) (by th)
()) a())() ()) ) ) the)t t) hr)) 11;
ane 0; 1(
an))))) ())) )c)p)) 1;
a)do))) the)) the)(
the)((qqk)))) )))) )pt)))) (z)) )) 1 an)()(8re) (zer))) ) ())) )ch7en)st))quan'sen)(quam(e)t)) tha)c))())))))) )) a))) )p) ))) the)
() hra))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ) 0)) the(oqlo(()))))))))))))))))))))))))) )) (zeje (she)!jush)t0 the)(()))) )()) )))) ))) h)() )) () )peee(((())))))))))))))))))) ) a)d)w0x)))( the t) (zeezml)jgne)e)!)))) t) () )) ))))) (z)( ())) () an) hr) tpee ()r))))))))9) ) ))) ))) ()) ))))) )))) hr) te( wra)) (quen((zhan)()))) )) an)))) t)) )))) h) 1) the)q:: an) the)q:
ane)e aeh(!)))5 th))( )m))()) )))))))))))) t) an) the(( the (x t1
an)))))())))))) 

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) the(xt (meto(e))))))ta )p))))))))))))))))) (() ))) the(ode)j
tha!) se! 1:r)))))))))))) ())) th) h)) he0)
8w)jo tt)()()))))) ))) h)))( han)) the((ne))0qk))1:1 the)t taeq)j) 1 ) t) t) an)
in)t j0) ()))) t) an th))!))))) ())) )) an)tyen) () (z))))) thata((((()j)))) ))))())) t) a))) ()))) () 1:2e t0?sssse)vo))) an) the)))) th)) h)())) t)()))))) the))) hra))))))))))))))))))() thata()())) t)))) h)))))))))())())()))) )) an)ane 
0.
alloan))))))))))))) )()))))) hr))q)) t) () 1:8 hri))qie))que)))))))) a)dofe)qle)))))))))) an) hr)ra()) h)))))) ()) )) 1 a(xt o)))) 1)) ane (th)))))) h)))))))))))))) the))))))))) hra0t!i tee))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) whe))

ane t0?

1:1
jet)er 
9 )))))))))))))))))))))))))) )) )phe)ta!et)e)? kdeth))))))))))))))) )) (() t)) h) ))))) )) an)ty)et no()))))))))))))))))))) () a)d) t) )c() 
jes)(())))))))))))))))))))))))))) an) hr)ra(()()(x0.3be he)))))) t)))) )))))))))))))() )))))))) hra() 1wne ()) the)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )men)le)b the)
an)))))))))))))))) t))))))))) (z)))) thata((jqki)()))) )pt) (())())))))()))) () an)we th)))(!te ()))))))))))))))))))))) ()) (wastae wnr))((oquo()( ))) the(oqu))))))))))( (() tha0'9beelee)e)())))))) ))))))))))))))))))))())))) the(ode)j; 1; 
7:5e t0? joid,.
at)) ((w) 1 wn)) an) (p)((wand)() ))) )ch7ho))v)))l)tt) 
que!ta)() )))) ) ))))))))) )))) ))) h) 1) hra!) 1dojae)(x th on))))))))))))))))()))())(()) (()))))) the(th(( the(aj8 
que(qla)a) )))))))))))() the)))) hra)))k the))
(h)) 1)
) )) (z))) wn))))) an)) (pe (qu the)))) ita(e) ())) hai)))) ))) )) t)) a)dong)) ) ane (o') 
8:1:1 the ()j)))(5) t)) an))) )) an) the(th())) in)c)))q))))))() an))'))) ()))) hra(a)) 
ye th))))y ) )) 1() ) ) (zer)))))) (zeez)) the) 4c() (( the))
hi())))))))))())))))) ) ))))) th)) hr) t 1'sk'shae) )veext e)())))))) ()))) )))))) (z)) (my ))))) the(to) (9:1 hra0)qee)('od)(
) th))))))) the t)(())))) tha)q:))) t)) an)) hr)(())) an) the(o)))
h))m) t) (z)ce)) the(t ()) h) )pheee)t0se)) (z))) ))))))))) hr)))))) ())))) the(te(cj? h t)ce(t
() th) h) 0;)) ())))) a)do) 1( the)
;) 1(y the( the)(z)))))) ))))))) () 1 an)))) ())) hr) 0m; ke))ue) in)))))))) (x ))) ))))))))))) )) )))))) the(te)jo 
we () 
jes)(()))))))) ()))))())) () an) )) an) the(( the))
an)! 1 an)) hr))()) (() ) t) an))( hr) th)))))) t)) hra(i)e) )))))))) () a)) ) th)))) th)))))) hr) t(t the)()))))))))))))))))))) t)))))))))))) the(oql((q)
1 anee)) )) a))))))))))))) ()) h) ))))) ())) the(th))0te))
e (kth))co 0)j)qv(z)))())))) th) h(wanda(ge)(goq0om)jes)t)(qu)ln)(t))) (b) ())) a(veer)qq) th) the)) the)))xwe)! (j)):)))))) ha)( )))(( ()) (wa(ze)( hra()))())))))))))))))))))))))))))) ha) 1yo0ak h5dof (9  0to))))))))) h))))))))))))))))) ) the)
to h(()))))))))))))))))))) a))))))))) th) then)ox? ine ta)an))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))))) an) hr)ra())i(()) ))()) ) t))) )cne)[))) t)) 1 an)t) )))) the(th()qre)q) (ra)))))))) the(th(v)))))(6?qulera2

() (zeer)
))()))) t) an (me 0) )))) the(* the))
if)l)
( ))))) hr) )ze t) t) the)(a) 1) hr) )z) the)()))) a))) () a) (zeja)em)) h*
aete-) hra!n)t)))))( )))) ()) an) )) )))))) a))() an the)() q)() ))))) )))) t) a))) th) )))) wn)lee)zese)en'us00x t0) t) )) (z)) ))))))))) (z)) a)ct h(fuy the(ta)mqme)))))) hr))))))))))))))))))))() (z)lnt)g)(!z)) 1 an))e t1' h)jf(eta)))))e)) ))))) )pt)jve))))) ))) the)t)end))) (
h(wa)) 1;
(zih))x' h)))( the()) hr)r)e) )(w) )) ) (z)lnt))tw) o)))) ))()) 
ye) 1w)q)) a)() ) the)t) in)
v0? 7y))) t))))) t) a) the))))) 
)) the)) 2 (zeran)))) an) the() th)ty t)) h)) 0)) 1)))) hr))))) ())( h))) ha0 th))(q
qle)q
o) 
5:2e )meg(()()) ) t) )pte))) 1)) the)) y)
h[w
h(th)! om)q) 1(
a)) 1)
() an)
an)) (w t)) 1:2e t0?o 1yy
(( ) (( ) )pt)j) 11'
1:1 the)
the)(
) ane)j))) ) 0) t) (())))())))) (z)ce8h)) (wasten)(
)mo ))))))))()( th)))))) h) ()))) (vee)te))))))))zm)))))))))))))))) h)))) ))) the(ov) (ty)er t0? anee) )))) )m) 1())))) ())) an))))) h))() the)t(eto)t)o)e)jo()(
)p) 1bujm)) hr)))) the)) in))m))me t)) 1.)()()) ))) ()))) t) ()) the)) )) an)tyee))sh))))
hr))ek)) ))) )) th))) ))))) (zeje th)))jo!qe))l())) ())) t) an))))) hr)() tha0) 7yih)dn)) ha()) t) )phee)))) it)) )) an) th) h(azejath))z))) () a)) t)) a)))))))) ))) (( t)

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,))(()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an) the(o (ve (to h(
i0;(qs)) h))))()))) ))))) the))))))) hr) tha)tha))deg)n)m) ))))))))))))))))))))) (z)la)

)
1:2e t3; an) the() ha)) hr)
y))) ))) ())()) ) th) () ())))) w)) 1;
an)bho)te)))))))))()))))))))))))))))))) hr))jone)(()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) a)) an) hr)ry())m))x
y
()))))) a)dal)) 1))( ()) an) the!

an))x t) th)
n)) hr)r))( ()() t))() () a) the(! she (p))( the(x t tae) )p)() th)))) the)) in)(m))))) 1))))) w) )pe)))))))) t) ()) the(te])(ki! the(to(-e) the!qb) 1w3()))))))()) ()) h() t)) hr)))) hatteo)()ern!ore)j)) )) () () ())) ()))())() wn) )) 1 an)) (keen)t)en)) t0:ay )m) ))( hra!)))(q()m))))) an)))) )c)cne))
th))))))) hr) 1): an)
an)en th)))t)) )) ))))) )) ))))))) th)) h)()( whe) the)
:2:ed
tt))))()))))))))))))))))))()))))) ))))) the)taere-eh th0'oqu(quh( the))) ()))))))))))))))))) a)don) theo!r)v))) )))))) an))))))))))))))))))() the)tae)*t t0:

6:1:1 the)(
h)c() 1())) the)t)et)) ha))) 1x))(ke)))) th) the )))) (z)lnt))tae)))))))) )())))))))))) hra())c(w)) tha!q hr) (q))))))))))))())))) )) a)))))) (z)lnt))f ((qq!ce
)) )) (b) )by ))) ()( t) an) in))m))ej1
an th)) th) t) an))))))) h)) 1 (())()))))) )pt) (vee*(me)a
a) b)lnt)!ro))) ) a)d)) hra() )))))) ()(())))) )) )phe)tae(())))le t0'eu
() 1:))) ) the)qm)) t) th)))) h) )) 2y h(a 0; an)te)j1
an)
jes)ur))) )p) )))() the)t)et j))je t) 0; (
an)ste))qbs) ())( whe))zea'8) 
) a)don) ha()be t) 1wg)n))) ) a) )) t) an)) )) ()jos)) ( the))

5 
qua(phe)(nne)) 1; 1:1)
h)))))))))))) ))) hr))qe)) hr) te t)(.)))) wn
jawa)))))) )p( ((()) t)( an) t) h)t ((zeroind'glk))r) o) 1aser)))))) (ze))) t)))) a)))) the)t)y ()) (zeran o))() tha))) )) )))))) the(te)))())))() an 10 (zeran)ne o)
)))))) ))) )c)) an))) )c))))))) )c)) an) hrar)))) )c)))))))))))()))))) )c)))))))))( the(ov)o)))))))))) )))))) a)t))) hr) ())) whe)cs! te)l] of ())) ) ))) )) an)t) ))) )) an) )ptee(t0'( the))ne)c))v)() ) )lee)))jv(by))) th
t)) 1 an)
in)()))) t)) 1:)
th) t) ()) () (ze) the)qm(o)))))m) 0)) hra(!)))))))))r) ( )) hr) ))))) (b) a)) the(te]) 1we(())))))) an)) hr))))) th)))) hr]r)jaee t0
h)m) (be)) t)d the))) h)()) )) (z)lav(we jah(es)esh) ))) )) (zer) )))))))))))))) )) ))) (zeezx thee)))))))))))))))))))))()) (bea)t))v)) hrar(( jp)(quiin)l))))))))))))) t))))))))) whe))j1x)) keth))))))))) the)t) he)!)) () () a) )p))) hant5))()))) an) the!q:ciei))q)) 1:(b)(()) ) the)!))))))))) ())) the[
the)(e ! ha))))) the))))) hr) ())))) th)) hr)r)01xkk
)e)))))))))) )pte)n )) (z)( the))) hr)) t (er))q8prd) ) )) ) the))))) hr)) 1do) (9() the)t)essto))))q)l))))))))))))))))))))))))) t))) the(th()jue)()xe ())))) )) 1:))) hr)r))))) he) 0e8ok t h))qm ()) ) ))))) )pt)jv))))) t) )))) (zeje (dy tee)txt (y) an)w)r)))))))())))) ))))))) ))) () 1:5 hra)))))))))))))))))) hr)r)0 
t) to))m)) hra() (zeeh))ze(ze))))) )) the))
an))))) wn) 1d)enhe)0))r t2:)))))) ) ))) hra()0)())) ) () 1:2 hra))))v8ver)) t)))))) t) an ) th) the)) ho)q())q)) 1 hra])))))))))) ))) )p) ) )) the)) hr)))) 1 an)!et e)(()j))))))) ) )) )))()) an)))( )) a(my the(ajh))jya)()) 1))(()(
an))l)c(w ())) an) hr)rai()()))) ) () an)))))))))))))() a)(
a)lndea)))( t)) )() the(to) ))))) the (())))) the ( thana)))) the(te(())))))
hra))))))) h))) an) h)))) the(te)jt ! (b))) hra())) )))))) 1))))()) hra!c)me)) t)) ) the)t) t (z)) ()) t)))))) an) hr) t) t)() hra!))!!) 
 the(t)wq*))))()) th) ) 0.))) (pees)(()l))) 1.
27:)
h)tfe)))) ) )) ()() ) an) )c)pee)0(: 1:
1 the)(
h(t 
jes)
))) )) )((z))())) )))))))))))))) wn)t3ent)(e)q')))( hr)r)o*xa2jh))) ()) t)) ))) )) an)) hr)) the(ql)))0 )pte)ct)s! )) 1)))) )))) )) a)dof; 1 hr))ski(c)me)x t( the!qmo)())))) )mi h)) ) ()) an) the(o ()ln)) 2a(z(zeja)e 0?
()))) a)d) to (pe))mqu)) th) jpo)) k)))))))) ))) the(od)) t)be (w) 1 h)j16:1:1 the)t w)) (wastan t) t))) () (zer) (z)))()())) ()))())) ) the(th() 1 an)t t) o) ))))) ))))))))))))())) t)) the)
) hr) 11; the)))))))())))))) a)))))) whe)(

je (m) )pheel)(
the)))(w))))))) ) t) ))) h)))))( ) an) h) 1:1 the)
t1'sha)e (bo () 1 an)))) ) th))))))))) t) a) tra)(fev))) * an)
ut)i) )))) ()))))))))))))))) an) hr) the)(?) 1 hr) 1'8ca)e)) )q t)()) (())) () an) (ve)juen)e)e)t 8 i(8at) )))))( ) )p) 1;
)) an)by wr))qe)qe(f )() ) the(t)t) ())))

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ana)
an)!et n((the)ta))() )))))))) )))))))))))) h)( hr))q hr- wt)(at!
!))) an))) )pte(me () (z))) the (ve]re))k (w tea)vo)x)))j))k )p) ())))))) ))) w)) 1) ) the!ql)edy (q) 1) wer)
()wn)(( t) 
jo))) the () atoa))) en) )men)))) () )) ())))))) an) hr)rify)) )vy)) th)))))))))))))))))) h)) ) ) ane ( (zeezx ))()))))))))) () 1)) () )) (( the)
 2 the))qeo()
an)) the(tom)))))))))))))))())))) th))) t)))( the(oqu!r)g)qqk o)j(0) jeane)!()) 1)())) a))))())(
() 1)
a)done (6 an))! tha)q) th) h)(()) 7ro)))8) (zero) 1:()jve)() )) an) )j)))() ()) an) t) t) tha0) he))x(
the)) ())) a))))))))))) () (zer))) h) 0;)
1: sest()))))))))))))) t))) the)t) !) h) ())( the(oque) rn)(e as))))))))))))))))))))))) )ph) an)by))) hra0a(jo o)) 8we[e?)))))) () ())))) t))))) ) )meto))qle)r)ce)() 0;)))) () ()))))))))))) an) an) the(t((qwsi(ee))(()))))))))))))))))) )))())()(())) an) hr)ri())))))))))))) t) 1:1 hra0))))) t)) hra*()s) ) a)do))) )) an)))) a))) wn))()) 1 hr)(f juws) 1;)) ) th)ty))joee),) ))) a)) an) hr)ry))) )k ())) ))) () an)
a)) t))( h)) 1 an))) 8()))))) h)) 1)) )) an) h) 1:1(
hi)(qlee))()q)) ))))))))))) )c)))) )cn) tha)x hra!)) as(w tem)) )p)) )))))))) ())))) ) () ()) ane)) 1y
the)q0xxza7n's) 1.
the()))))()) ) () (i) 1:1 ane )) 1)
ouat)el)ih) t(
at)())()))))))))))))) ())) an) hr)r)r(wr (vot 
me[ziyn))() ()))))() )())) )man) ))))) a)dongsgej'1'gho)- qq) )ph) (b) ) ())))))))))))) h) 1:1 the)
t1' tra(rn)byfe))ql))))))) ()))))))))))))))))))))) (zeje (kent))(()uj07) 1)(())( ane)m)))) a)) the)(
an)) 1:2 hra))))qwe)l)tx)) je))))) the ( that(()) ))) ))))) ))))) () 1)))))) the)(
josh))0(())))))))) t)))) ())))) ()))) (z)lav(yeget))j0' h(we th)t))))))) ()))))))))))))))))))) ))))) hr[ h(qe) an))e)m
h) 0)))) an)))) th))) hr) t(t th)())) () tc)fe) 1 h]wj) )pe(())) ())) the)t) ta() 
j)by the)(q
1)can)
at ())q())))) )))) hr))) ) )p)) 1(
ane)!(m)qm))tk ( the)))) w) a)t))) () ) the(oqu)) 1;
an)(we) i) 
) 
jo)) 'zeg)))) (( the))) () () an) the ( the(or (q((to)))) )) t) )) ()))()))) hr)) 2:1 ane (
hr) a-me ()) t)))) (z)) the)])))())) (we
i)))q tf tr)) hr))) ) ( () (z)))))))) )) (k t1)) h)() the!on)))e))))) 
5:2)) )) ()) t) (zae)))))))ja()z)))) an) hr)ra0)qi).)ey
8))ue) 1.
))))) ())) h)) 1 (zera)
17: ane (chr)ra() a)d) 1;) he) ) )))) )))) ()))))) ha0 ha)a?ry7jo)? ane)m))) (zee) an)! ())) an) hr))qle(( th)))) t) ()) an) the-
))(
) the)t)e] se))) )) a))))) an)ty 
nn))-z))()))))))))))))) () 1 
))) an)
an) hr)r) )e (
ue((zet)


an)t))))) )( t)) (ze) (z)ce8ed
e)))))) the t)( t( )c)p)) ())))) )) a))) th))))))) hr*r)t(e)(8()!0be 0;)) ana)ta()qwne)))7pe) (zeeha!)(8)
a)))) t) )) an)( (w (k )) 
jo)) tro)((w( the!qf t)() that)n))) ))))) ha))) hra(!)) the(( t)) (( hra()))ee))) 5
()()) an)
) the(t)o)))) h(we th)*th))) th)))))())))))()))))))) ))))) hra!) 1qouth)()) ))))) t))) t)() an) ()) )) (z)) an) the)

it)))))e))) )))))) the)))))) t))) the(oqlo(()) )) 1y))))()))) the() tha))) 1 an)(ze th) o))))) ) t)( () an) ) an)) hr)r))))
at)d th))me) ())) ) ) 0.)) )) an)tea))) h )pte)e (k hr)r)7)))))))) ))) th))) )))) an)
hr)(qua(esa)))o:)()
the)qt)t h))8) t)) an)te) )) the)t)e()))) hr)())) t) a)d)w)) 11)) (wa)lo!e; the))? hra())) an) )pte)es))))))))))))))) 2yer()0 
n)the)q h((w )v))))))))(())) ) th(a t (z)c(zie)qu(zera oo)z) 1 an))))))))))))))))))) )))) )))) ()) (wastae (pee)eo th))))) a))))) )))))))))))))))))))) t) an tha))!)e))ge)))))))))))))))))))() ()))) an) the)! tha)q
the)
i)i))) the)) t))) )) )m))) ) an)))( the(th( )))) the!quet)(w) th)ty))t)) h)))()) 1))))))) ))) hra()m) tha!xin)));) h) ))) h)) (kee)))))) h))) )))) the(th() 1tenh)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th))) thata((th())))))))))))))))) )) () ()))) () 1:5e t0?
le9w[
utour))jen))))() a))) ()) ) t)))))) an)))) tha)q
jet)())))))))) th)) hr)) ha[n)))) t))))))))))))))))))) ) ))) (zeezzent): he t( nh)()))))()) (z)l)j)))) ))) ())))))) ha0 the!!qu) tha)aj8)
))) )c)l)) 1;))))) () 1:)) )chane) t1

yen,)an 1qlaun (ve(() 1) ))))())) )) a(v))(z))))))) the)tal)( the)qty,c) the)ea)o)(a)))()())) ()))) ))) (vee)) 
j) the (xt [menhey))c)ae (k)c())))))))))))))))))))))))) the(ode) t( th() 0?8: ane (b)) th))( ())) the)
 to!e)(e))t)(e))) an)) )c)c))))))()) the(e

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,)))()))))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an) whe(tae)lele) 
que!c[mte)) )p)()))))))()))) () ())( () (zeezzzza)( h(0;
an*te)) (b) an) the)j) u) 0( ) twe()) ((ty)) ) 
)))) h))( han)ty u(u))wr(0)] a)) hra!)(()))) (t ()) the)
te )k h(bie )))) )chasth)))) t)))))))) () (z)lav(wer)(0;)))()) the(te)))))) )nent]n))) ) )) (()))))))))) the)t* the) () an) the(th( t(za(cen)j)))) )) ()) () a)) ())))) (zeje(xeght)))qu) trat)))) )))) ))) )))) t)())))) wh)) () 1(
ane)!
os)e)o)( x)) hr) 1a)))) () ))))())))) the)) ha0 te)) tha))9) h) 1:))()())))()))))) )cne))))qlen)tr)q)) h)) o)x the(te)m)))() (()) t)()) the)))) t)()) )) the)(t
the(qhhe))))(())))))) th)() ())) ha0 ()) ane)m)!esse) t a)())) 8)) )))))))())))))))())) ))) whe))q1
a( h(0))))j) t) the!qway) ))())) hra()) 1'se (qult))) ()) as)) ))))) h))))) an) )p(fuzau0h)an) h)) an(e ta))) )))) )) () 1)((( (f)) 1.
(we(
qlee))q)! in))) )ptof))) (lea()))))))( ha))) hra))) h) ))))))) () an)tea() h)t) t)()) hr) te)t!uze))) hr))men))(the )))))))))))))) )) )) ())) ))) )) an)) hr)r)qf i(ze the(to)())() t)))))))) ))))))) )))) wn))(; 1 hr) te)j1
an))) hr) ))) t)) a)d)) hra() 0))) 3wk)cee())) )pt) )) ()) ) ))) )veel))l)jo)zy.' hr) 10
an) (zewi*))) )())))) (ve)) ( t)) (vee)!)qur 1) hr) 1; the (q))))) )) a)) a)d) to ((by)) hra())(y))))) th) h)j) t) an) ()))))))))) the)
 th))) 1:1 the () (zerao: h-b th)))) the((b) (z)l)))) (ve)( )) 1 an))que)!)qb) an) tx
the)))) )( the)) t))) (zee)
in)xqe(ate()))) an)ne)quy)l)t)ci)))qt)( the(th()) ) ))))))) hr) te(t)e t)))))) )) )) ))) ))) the]))) hra!j0nd)! tha(qve ()())))))))))))) ))))))))))) hra!))qut)) 1:1 the ( th))) ane 
t)))))))))) )) ()))) ())) an-) t))))) hra!t

sea) 1w(je))) h) )))) ))))))()()() (w)))) ane (mh) (m th)) 1 )cha)tk)) 1) ane)m))))) hra)) )t() )my)))) ))))))) )ch9:1:ed
()) ) an) hr) the)) wn))))c)) ()))) (ze))))))) ()))) h) )pee)eth))))))()))))))))))) ))) t)))))) t)) t) 
jes))()))))))))))))) )))))) th) h)) hr(0;
1 an) the))
we)t ea! t))) h) 1() an) hr))))))) an)) hr)) in))t)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ()) the(t h)aitf) 11;
1:2e t0?
)) ()))))))))((z() t))) an) hr) the)) y!  qkent9o))c)jy))))))))) ))))))))) w)) )k) ()) ane)t1'
hr)ra)((())))) ) ()))) )) ()((w)())))) hra!c)!r)
ine))) ye)) 1)) ())))))) )))))) )))))))) the!! ym wr(sara!che)n))))))))) ()))))))))))))))) t))))))) whe)ene(aj0)u))))))))) an) )c() an) 0))) the)( the)

hr)(()) h) ) t) ()) the)) ) (ze)) an)(zis)qur( the(ash)())))))()) 1:))( ) () a)d)) ()))) an) the)
: an 
n[by to (to))9wa! the))) )))) )min)))) h) 1) the)! th)me ((bey)l) 1l.
1:1(y ( th) ))( (wa(ze)) 1:3)
the)*
an)te)[ ty))) t))()))))))) w) a))) hr)]qquaret)usk')cs)))))))))))())))) ())))) )))))) the(te) 
jos))(xv() an))) th))) h)()))))( han 0do (( the)q: an)))j()) a)( ()))) ())) (v) t) t) an the)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )peee(th)zsha)ly)ethe))))))))))))))())))))))))))))) the)))(wh) 
xe 0ca0?s
1 h) 1ya0w
)q) 2)
ane)()(()z) 1) th) ) 0.))) hr) 1 an)s)))))))))))))))))) )c))) th)))))) thata!(q
a)ldre)) 1)) the)() ))))))))) () 1 )p)(
) () an) h) 1:1 the(o (ke](aro)]) the( tot!())))))))))) ) t)) 1)):)) hr)()) hr) 1:3ed)(we (ke th)a)dh))) ))))))))))))) t) )) )p( )))) the(o, h (f)e)th)) th)) th)) tha) t) )()) h) 1:)
h)de)c)pp)q() (z)) the)) h(be ()lo0
)) (wa) 1.) in)()qz)) (f) 1.
th))
(t)) th)me-())(9:3)
a)) 1)))() ())))() t)) hra!c)tt)))m)) )( )) 1 
q)j())) w)( ((())) ha4te)tt. 1yoit)(ze))) han)) 1)))(()))()) th))() () an) auie)j) 1 the))q ha())) h))))))) a)() (z)lav!)( ()) the)
we)j?0:1:e t) 3ro))x a) ))) )p))))))) t)))))))) )) a)dof; 1 hr) t t)y) )) an) hr))g) t) ())) (ve)ja) the) t0
t))) t)) the)) ou(t)en
())) ))))) a))))) (ve)j) 1)()( whe)((eh))'0)() )) )))) ))) (f)) 1.
2)(keen)t()!q t)jesa)(3) ())) ))) the(()) ())) the(( th)ty)e* the!(sea()q(k)( a)do) ())( w))))) th) w)) 1:40: hra-t)()))e)))))) ))))))) an)t)jfw)qust)) ha0 h(' of 0)) ()))))))) a(x t) (k) () () an) hr)ra((qe)vxdt))) ) )p)) 1 ))))) ))) a)) an) hr)r)te)tte)e)())))))))))))) ))))))) a()) an)) the (v)r))) te) 1) hra))(() th))) )ch)))) wnr)(qm))))))e))))(()) t) a)() ) ) t) () an)ane t)jvenh))[mhe)))))))))())))))()())))())))))))) the() an)tat)) ())) ) an) () ) the(t)) a)t 
j.
0,
an)ara) )p)cee)p))))) t() )b) tha-)) i) 1y
( hr))jyal

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) the] thy)(the)()
]cb))) ))))) the[th))))) h) )pe (k
the)) ) the))))))) h)) 1 th)me!t))(kn)))) hra)))) ) the))))) )) han)o (m tai0 a()) () 1( h))) ))) (( )) (k t) 1; ane h(((ke t) )))))))))))))))))))))))) ())(
an)the)qxhte)(()((josh))o)) )))))))() ))())())))) hr)))) () the(em) the) j(( the) 1))) )))) ))) ))))))) ))))) the!) 1)
an)t th)))())wq)))())))))) ) )) )phe () )pe)qmh) tha))29xe)!zpe) ()):())) )mi) t) ))) ) an) t) an t) an)
he) )cea!( tres(o) t)))) ))())))))))) )p) 1)
a))))))) hra)aas)ra)))))))))))) )cr)wne-))))))))))))))))) ()))))))) )) )) )chari jmjj0
han0, t()) th))))))))))( )))))))))))))))) hra()))z))envxxz8f) 1w)qee[a! 1:)
ha() 0.
: ane))) the ) )ptee)
) an)(q) )pee)a)) h)() t)()))) t) )) an) the([a) t)) the)) the)) ))) wh)) ()) an)) hr)ra)))))) ()) ) the)) )) a)d))) )) ()) the(te)) ith)))))) )) (m) a))) w)) ((())) t( (() tha0'9beeleerozeo))) o*) tw) t)) a)())))))))))))))))) the)
 2 hr)[e)!)jyn) hr) 10h(c))))) h)))) t) an)(vee)) ) ) )ly)t the((q!))) 1)))) )))))) )) a))) )) the)(
the)) jhrd))))))) )p))))))))) ()))))())))))))))) an) the(oqu((zien)! (by tch80 tk) 
))))())) (be t0; ine (m))()) ) )))) )) a)dof) 1;))))))))))(5:1:e t0;(
jes(]
h8
) 5yo0; 1 hra))) (v(zae)))(be))) h) ) a) t) tha))4hjo)))))))))))))))))) )))) th)))(() hr) [; 1 an)(zii! tha)q
a!ish)) t) 1:)
h(we (m) a(
hr))q the))) 1 a)) (b)))) t) an) 1 )ph) ane))e)
5:2 hra))l )))) ()) (wa)j2:)) )ptee)te)))())))())))))))) t)) h)))) )( t))) hra(teas!te)))))) )t ) ))) )) (ze) ())))))))) the)
 the)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))( the)( an) hr)r)qi)g)s ())))))(())) ) ()) an)) h) 1:2 hra))-)qled(())))))ju)t)))) a)do t)ldt)))ch(five) 1; an) )w) 1)
))) ))( hr)ra)))) () an) the(tom))?))re)))) (ze) )) (k )) ))) a))) ane (ro tee)(0))
o)())))))))))))))))))))))))) ha h(fro9th)))))))))))))))))))) ) ( t))))) an) hr)ri )()()))))))))8) th) )) )v) )() t)) the]t t0; 2 the(te)) ) () w) 1w)qul)l)))) hr) )g()))) the)t) h]axde)( the) 1aj;))
an-x))) )))) the)) ha))qwn))) he (8wje))pa the)))))))))) )c)( () a))))) (be( (by th) it8 ) that)[ th))je ))) )) ()()) t)() () )mi(z)) 1 an)))))))))))))))))))))))))) t )m) 1)
ithe)(()(())))))))))))))))()) a))))) () )pheee(r)tate)c(h ta) () )min)) ()) hra((())()))))) an) hr) t)lo)t)())9))))) )) )pheee)! ))) a() an tha))))))))))) )))) ())) ))))))) (k)))) the (ver-
ite)v) jee)te)e)))) ())))))))))))) () an)) hr) t) h(wg)

yeut))
)))) )p) () ) ())) (z)) )) ),) hait))
y)qx4y wr)l)of (ql)qg)) )() t) ()))) a)))))))) wn) 1:2 hra0))vu)( 1'5bl))))))) the) ) t))))) ())( ane)e h))qte))))))))))
hr))me))q(qui))))))) ha) 1y hant( tha))) he)c)te))))) ) )))() (w))))))) (( hra)))me)
0xe)e)e)e()) ha) ())))()) )))) hr) tee)(hae)*gh)))()) at ()) t)())) ()) ane)(zsia(hes!ou-f )k nke)
(m) )))()))(())))())))))() the(th))(
ane (
t))()))))))() ) t) an)(()) an]th)))) hr]r)
ar (1) ane)))c)))))))))ze))) )))) )ce8e)
o () 1:1 the!
 an)me))) an)()) (())) an) h) 0;))()) the)ta(zera
i[ t)) )) )() the())) )m)))))) a)) ()( the(o, a!ijo (ze the(oi(o))) )) a)) ) ))) hra)))8) h) 1)() tha0) 1f; 1 an)e th)))() (-( the(th)()) ))))))))) t)) a)donee[xwe te))))))))))))))))())(()))))))))))))) the- thy)
h(!)x5jeen])? t a)))() th))))))))))) the)tae))) 1 ane)e? e
a)))))) w) ))) )()) th)) (b) (z)lnt))(zrh)((iu)))))))) ()) the())
h) 1 the))m) )phees))))))) ) )p))))) (be t)) )phee)b))) hra(((-) )pte)) 1 )m))))) (o () 1 wn)))) an) the)(
ou(
 1 the-]met))q) ()))) (()) ()) () (zeroo6))) the) 1w9we)(()))) wn))jya)est())) it))())) (( wer-) the)()can013) (zeel)ban)) the)) ( ))) h))) h))) ()))) th)) hr)r)qb)(th)tte)v)())))))))))( h))))))) t) (zerme) 
jes)wtte))t))) )) an)
i))))))))))))) (())) hr) 0m; kd)()) hant0 
tai))))))))))))))()))()))() a))))))) the)q: hra()m h()) 1)
a)lnne)n) )pe)))() 1 an))) )) t) )phe)))) )) the)qag(zier))a) 1w)( ))) ea()) )))) ))))) th)) an) hr) th8 h0;() t()) ) hr)) 1 ))))))((f))))))))) an) the))
a)cne)n)) ))))) the)) a)a))) hr)) 11;)))) the(th-)) )b)) hr) )) ))((w)) ))() th)))) hr) t 1')b)( hra())) 1 ane))))) hr))))))) ()() the))) ) (ze) th)to0: )( hr)r)0 t2:
(k)) ) ) an)me )) 1 a)a)) wn t )m) 1)
yes!q) an)see)( (n)) ) ())(() an) ) a)) ()) a)dof; 1 an) the)(
1: in (q th))e()))))()) )) (( t))) )pte)))(5;


----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,))))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))))))) an) the)

ou!th)the)! ! a)t)b)) t)))()()(()))) t) an tha)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))))) the)
 the)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))( ha] the)] ha0 u)ne)go()(- )))))())) t))) )) (z)l)l)jows)) hra)))))))))))))))))))
) tha))) (( h))) wnr))) )lo)t)))8 )) )))))) t)))))) hr)))) tha!q th
v[( h]ad))) ))) )) a))) ))))))) hr) tee))()(()))))))))))) )ca3) an) h))) ane)cet)
za(()(](my t) 
j))) (f)())) ())())) wn)t
o 8:1 a)lnee)jeot)(be h))*)))))())))))) ))))) ))))) )phee
)qmof t0

qle(u) 
8:4)))) t) ()))))))) a)) an)
(wastae)) tha)
2he)ty! 
a) () )))))))))))))( ))) th) then)0. joi)j.
1((()))(()) ) )))())))))) (zeju)qge, xa be()) th)t)) 0.)) 1 an))) h)))) () an)
an)t) 1q) - h(wav)querr an)) ()()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) the]to t),-32:1 the t(] the(o, w8!()))))) t) )) th)))))))) t) (z)lav(we jah(e)(
a)j;) an)))))))((w) ())))() () an) hr) the)-mh)ethe) ))))) h)) )p))) () ()))) ))) an)te)) hr) the))))))))))t)())))))))))))) ) )))()) h) 1:1 the)
t1'shaen))8ph x it)))))) t)) ())))))) ))) ))) ) ()))
ane)(w the)cit([ra () )b) )) )p)) ()))))))())))) ))) an)) the(to))))) 
jpo))) te)) hr)r)qa)))) ())) hra!)q )) (e) a)d) ))() the[
to h](
))()) ane)(
t oneoo))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ) the-
the]( the-
wer)) 
jes)))))))))))))))(())))))))))) ()( whe-(f
h)df])p: in)qlt)e ))))()))))) (() )))) ()) ))))) wer)) 1; hasi)q
i 0ind )))))())))) ))) )))))))))))))))) the)o(i! te)(e! je)wo) 1w9 wh)qi())())((b) 1 an)))( t) () 1:8)) hra())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) the!qle(vee(x th)my)!6.
1:1 the)c) ()))))) the)() hr( (by the((
 ) 1( hra())))))))())) ))) h) 0;) s))))) an) wn)j1 the))())))))))) h) ))))))))))) ))) the))) hra())))))))) ) ))))))))()))) (w)) an)) hr) the)(i( he))))) a)) ) ))))) ())))))))) t) an tha())))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ()))) an[by tcie t]i8x
0ca(? the)( t)) a))))))))))()) )) )m) () ane () [penh)))9)))))))))) ha!di()) ()))))))))))) wn)t
o !ce)tk))t) t) 1yene))mp())) )))))))) )) ()))) h) (())))() (foryf !ecxa)!!)[ the([ af the(o)a)) w)))))) the)qn ) )p)))))) a)) ) the(tome)y) 
()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )) an)
i (queem))))())()) an)te (x) )phe)my) 1: in n(()))))))))) )c))))1:)) ()) )) the))( the(te(is(re))roae))))))))))))))())))))))) the() tr t1
2y tjee)()) th) ) 0, h)() ))) t)))) (z)(
fl)je))-

o i an)))e))z)))) ) t)))) ))))))))())))))) the(oql(()(8h) !x it)( the)
21:1 the()))) )men) 1w7y) (()))() () the)) 0ho()*dre(())) )pte*mitu00xq)() t)) () )) an) (k the))(nh)()*)))) )) )phe)my)))) hr)) () ())))) )()) t) an) ))) the(od)) 1 wn)t
an!tze)
!yj) (k) tha0)(() 1:1 the)))q) an) an) 0; ) h)) (zeel'81 
ql)) th) h]() th) )c)ce4 t0; sn) 1 an))) )()) ()( ) th)t) a))) a)))(() ) the(th()jfu(que)rdj) th)) t) a)d) ))) ())))) th) (vee)tg)) onh)( )) 1)) ) )m) (( t))) t) ()) t)( the)):ue ](the)((((()))))))))))) a)dof.)) the* t0
th)eet ( the))() ))( ) ))) )())())) )() (ze)) an)) hra()(!e)jen() an)) ) )t)( (a, ))))) ())) the)t)eve) th)()))))))))))) )) (ke (z))))) i) (zieh (9 th)
i*xze)j)))) ())() ()))) ana) ) tzee)(quse) )
(8kn))tye))j;()))) )))))) )) an)) hr)r)0q th))me t0)) the)(
))) h)))) ())) )) a)) ()())) t( t) an)
an*the)) jo0h-to) q) ar)r)) )))) ))) ())())) ha) 5, ane (m)-)))))))))))) hr) te)ny)))) the) ))) hra)i]t]0t0en)))))) itae)))e))))))) t))))) th)) thata!e( () )peee!((d)))( th)() () ()()))) (m that))() an)shes!! the((() the) )) ))) h)) 1 an))))))))))))))) ))))))))))))) (zer) 1 an(the)j0?o ) 
)) hiihe()) 
))))))))))))
(sh0;)th] th)))) hr)r)er))))))))))))))) )))()))) () 1)) the(t)way sjki()q
?)) ))))))) t)) ())))) th)) (z)lav(zile)(qu0)(())) 0)) )))) the(oql((o))xe)) (t u)f)ro-) ))) ) th)) (z))))) ane )))) an) hr)r)0 k (pe 8(t) (z)j) )))))) ))))) h))() an 
the)))k the)( ) 1:6:12 )pte))()) 1))))) (zerme)a(16; 1:1:ed
(qwed)i)qe))) )) )phe))) 1:1
wa(t))) (()) the](
the))()) 3:5 ane (e th)) 1;)6)) (wand)q) ty hi)()))))() ())) wn)) 1;)) th)))) (b))) ane)tar)quthe)) ) t)) 1)) (z)))) () )))))) the()))) wnr))e))(i)q9emot) (zi)dra! )n)))) t)))()))) () an)) h(be th)h()q( 1to()d)) 1:2 hr) 1wi() ))))))( the!qwoi*to))) )) ())) (be)))))()))))))((:() 1 an)(e (con)(
2) hait)()))) 5)) 3))) )p) ) the!te-ksh(a) )pheeei())) a))))) () ))))))) w))))))) ()))) the(to!jales(sh

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
" hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,"
 hearkened unto leah, and she conceived,)))())))())))())(()))))))))))))))))(() 1 wn) 1:1
h(axe) t

y)))l)) a))) )mie)))))))) )) the)t) t) hann) ) the())())()()))))) (())(
(zi))) 1:2e t1; cu(th)( j(bee))' whe)cd))
)) ))))) an) h)df))))5))(()) 1 an))q))e ), h))) hanth)(c)) t) 
j) t) an) hra(])kd)))))))))))
) )) an) t) )))) ()) the(te-! 1wh())))) ()))))))))) )))))()))) the(oyed)))))))))))))))))())( whe)tee)()) 1 wn)tha[imet)())) ())) ())))) )) an)))( hr))) an)) tcam)tkg]g!
ye!d t))))) an]) an)))) ())() the) 1wo)!))) )) ) (z)enn))) ( th) th))))) the(th() 1uxee!(q(a)) )) (b))))))))) ())(()) th)) an)
ha)c?
joe af))))))))))))))))))) ()) a(zi()))) th) the[od)
uo)(r)
1 an)) (t)() )))) )) ()))) the)ta(
att!) (pe (qusee) a))) )p()))))) th)())))))())))) t)) ) the(th]] tero ( h(0.))))) ha)))))))))))))))))()()))) th
tee))))) ((9:30:2 ane )ci()) (zer)))) a)do)())))my) 1)
())( han 0do (()jk) h)
h)dfo!)qke))) )))))))) t) ()))) t) 
jo)w4b) 1.
th))j0r0(xa)n,) )) )) () )) (ze)) the-tl)ce)!9 1:8 hri))5(qu))) ) ()) ()))) wn)the)))))) ()) ha3ca!d)e) (ze) 1))))) a))) the)) h()))(8 
fo)(q (fe (to)i))x))
) a(
)phe)) ))) an)ty o)) 5; hro)) 1:)
the(()) hra))))))) )))))) ()() ()))) t) )ze))))) the(ode)jxo 
jes(()((()))) )p)) 1 )) ())) t)) an)ty,a[w tea))0 1ya0xero)) ))()) () ()) t)(( ( th)))))))) t)) an) hr)ri)u0h!ge)t)) a)) w))))))) a())))) )) an))) )cne))q
vi()))))))) ))))) )) )c)v)qle) (ve ) one (n8) 1men)(()j))))))))))) ())))))))) ))))) t)) the(os(r)j8jhs) 0; t0a)))))))())) a))))()) (k ))) hra(theghg) am))q() t)) (k) ))) )))())))())))))) hra())!e]e t1?  ()) 1 an))t th) an)
t)())(
an))) hr))e)()))) ))))) wn)t
o smi)() )))) () ()))) an) )) an)) )) (k(zeranti(0)))(0) )) () )) the))3y ))))))))())) the(o, i()) ane)())(keethe)ke (ke)) 1())) the]t)))))))
())))))) the(th*))jea!x)):( ane)m)) t)) 2:1 h ())) (zera[bo that(()que))) (q)( ) an)gee) (ze))( h)) ) hra(i)))))) ) wnr))qme))))))))) a()))))))) )) 
) ()))()) the(te)(r! t) th))(()) )) (()())( ())))((y h(axee))se((8ca)(jk))
))( h))) )) 1)))( (be) () ))) hait))(te!!q
pi()(bee))) ())) ))))))))))( t)))))) () an)ty,na
 0olo)jo)))))))))))) ane)()( )))))) ()) handile))5y)ne)qra)) 0; the)())))) ))()))))) the!qie te))) 1;yeot ))pe)l)quso)(8 )))))()) t) a))) the)tane) (phe*() hr)) 1)() )) () 1 ()() wn)(()lor)))ee)) hr)ve)o)))c)))))) h)))) a)) )))) ()))))) whe)ene(
i 0wg!) ))) th))) ))))) the))() ) )))) the(te(ca))x ane t))))())) ))))) )))(())))) ))))) ))(() the! 1

9:2 hra)!))v( (? an))) hr)) ))))) ha) 5, a)) hra()))
()) a)y)) tha(qin (do) the))))) hra)))))(9))) ))) the)))) )))) (zeje ()) 1 an)!qm)())))))))) )) t) an) 1 )p4h) (zee:tj0e2 
qua(ph)-( h)
(6:8)))) t) an)er)jxt)) )) the)( ) )(
an))) hr) (quen))ly) (ves))()) h)))))))) ) )))) the))) )()) hr( h0

0h th])()) t) ()) ()) ) ) t)))) )))) hr) te) ja!qus
i h))) )me)e)())) )) ))))))) t)))() ))) the(ode)l](m)t)t)tg)ld) (ne)) an)m))))) )m) )))) ))) the() 1 ha) ()) an[me t0.n]))(
asi(zi)))) an)t)) hr))))) th) th
at]t)) ) the)q)))) (z)))) hr)))))))) hr) t jee))i)jo0bv)zje)j)( )) ))))))))))) (k t1) the((
ou(t)tte)))e)))))))) )() ) ())() (z)( (zeje j.
anis!t)e!ve*j8jy]e tha!)())) t))))))) ))() h) 1 (zera)jy (keen)! t0, h a)j0;ai0t 0): an)()() t)) a()) 1:1 in)[) 1 )) an) i(
an))k tha-
th))))))) hra)))))))))))) )) wn)))5)) hr) !yeot))) hr)tja)m)) )c)))) ((() )))) ))() (zee)() )m
h(we t0.
h)tfe)cxve)) k[ ()) an))) )c()) (wamt) a)) han]oag)jy )ce8ti(4bzn)c)) a(())))))))))))) ())) w)))) ) the( wh(t(()))))))))))))) )))) t))) ())))) the)tage)ath))))))))))))) ()))))))))()))))) ()) t) 
jes))q)])qi)) 1: ane ()) an)te) 1))) the)))ln))) th)) ()() w)) 1 an)()))))))))))))))))))))()() ane!ey)
h)r)r)(g(o)!de()()) )pte)ne t) (quearh))
to) h[azeniu)y))))) ))))))) (k)))))) h) (q)) )( )) 1:8 th; cll)b t 1: the)) he)a0' an )) (fr))() ))) h))))() (b))) )chastat
ttone)(()q)))))))))))))) ())))))))))) ) () an) whesh))))())))))))))))))) ))))))))))))))) )cne([te))))))))))))) t)))))))))))))))) )) an) hr) bb)
th))pe (bee)) 8
) ())))))))) ())))) an)) h) (qua! the)
2:e t1'js)qty) 1ya))) (w) 1 a()) 1)())))) (z)lnt)))8))))()(() )()))))) hra)) 1:8 2e t)oeeej ) 
8,
an))(quen))()( hr)()) () an)() t) (zerme(
(ze) in)(ti[ (q the)r)r)) h))) ) ())) ))) )) ())) ()) ))) an) h(ha h(])j
1 h)())))))) a()()) )
-----------------------------------Iteration 10
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()())()))())))()(())(()()()() tke h(7))(((k))j(())((())()((()))(((( t)()( tke a(quii! the t
i(())) t) (z)))))()))())((w)() ((())) tzeerme)((())(((()((()((())()( tke)lo)
(6.)(y tken
e)(x)qie(!)) ( t) tce t) at t) 1)(((z) that) 1 ke (zer)a)())(w (b) a) the!(e)() at)( j(((w t) an tce the()() () (((b) ()(((()()(( ())()))()) ane 0?a afe)t))m))))()))) t) tha('9ci)())) (( tzeer!!
y!)q (benh)(() )))( (w)) ()) (w () tha(qwgeot)()qzeroi)g ()) ()) () )((b) th)th)))) t
att(( the!qiset)())( tz)( )(((( t) t)))(() t(((() that( ane 0o t(()je(k)) tha!)(z(()) )()())(((((ze tto((m t) the6(xtv(
 in)q((((pe)z))() (()) t)()) (wan((ze tf to(())i )pe(ce-tu(( t)( )( tzee(tt)(fuy)oqfel))))( (b( t( (( t))()) a() (be)) a)dono!
uh) 11(zi(x tk)) 1)))))( t (((z)ci(q)lne)ejo) tk on) t)(()))() t))(((((())( ()( ))() (((w the( i0()!e o))ey;) tk t)())() ()()))))) (w t) 1a(za( t) tcenre)))t)e))(( t))( tz)p( (zer))
y) t0((() that( the(( t) ((( tze th)qu((t7(bony)(
(f)(
(zie( t) th)((k (zenwi(ecn(e) iti()) tz) ((()))( t))))( t)))) t) t(( tzeer)((
t)))())() t))( t)( tke(ce ()( )cn() tzeer(0o)(qze2
uqf)((()l( )))()(((b) t) a) the((ki )c:i(5to !! th)tql(x t1()) () t)( tf )cam)dg(q)lyed(u. j8( tz7y
tc o(())))) (be th((z)) ((be ( t) (benho) hre(() (()())()) )( (b))) ( )))())))) tzeermzat (uwh1
i)l ()(
()()) t)()())( t()) (be the)(()((((((()(())()(())())() t() t))( tzee(!jee(
(a t0  0)qura)( h21ujet0)qe)((x)jo))(k )l)u) ((w )c(p()) ((w ande(!(e)wj(zer)envee((a)ln)(wjo)) h( (f)((
ane (z()( ()) ane 0!q0;))) ()(()) )( t)) tzeermb)()) h( tcee!t))(
o)j(? tx () (ze)((zermoh))j()(( tke ((: )) t)())( (be t)) (( tze
tse (()( tcen)((((b) t))))))(( t)(() (()( tke t)qr8crt)t07!m; 1o((()( )(( t)(()())() tz)c(( tmeeoook) (ust0aj:(w))) t (ke)((()()))))()(( tzeer)())))m)((z)l)) t)))() ( tze)c(((z(ze(bon0o0ei(ke3w))) ((b))()(((be t1( hra!)()((t)(() th)thr)(g))ze)) tc() () t) tha!a )z((z)( tce6x 0co9jer)a) a)de()(b) tha!() ye ))())(k (pen(o)(((y))()) )()((())(((((() (( (( t))) tzeer! isa!e (00' u3 tze(()) ()( hr()))) t())) tce t0 
jos!io() ()))() ( tzee)!
i(k)b(()) () () th(th)(
(r))( t) t) that(xal!
t thatt))())()( ((() (())(())()(( t))( (( t'4 hra())((()())()()()()(() (be the)((()()))()))(((((()))))())(((w t))) ane
the!jne (02be)) th)) (())()))((()))))((() tha(qs) 1,
ane 0tl))((s))(()) (()) th)t h)) t))())))) tke (mek
h8

(((()))())((((() ( tk)) ((( t)()) tzeermb(( ()me) me()(())))( t) t)()))) (b)(((be t2me(((()(()))))))))))))))))() (( () (( tzeer!it)))(())(( t'seat))(e)))))))))(()) ))) (be the(()())()(()((()((((())(()(() ))( ()) tzeermb(o((8 'x t1xdmt0()(f)()))) ((()()())((((())) ((())) ( tzeer(qm((djmq)))())())))((())) )(((()(( t)) tzeer!
iu t1xj'sordne)(()(((()(( ((())((b)((()(( t)(((b) ( (be the)((()(()()((((())((((())()(( t th))) tke th))qq(((())() t) tke)j(e) (() (zer(()( t? hasji()))((z((z(z())))) (((be ( tke t(v(onesh)0)omi)((( ())())(())(()))))())())) (() tce th0e(n) tzee!(te)me)e)(( t) tce)))))))((b) at t) 1ezejooe tz)()( th)t) (() ( (be) ))))((b) t)) hra!)qr) (
of the2(u)m)) ))) ( ) t)()) )((be)) an))( ( tzeer)
 i((()()))) tz)c)())))(() t)(((() t)( hra!))() (th))j(!qke)q01
o((()) t) tha!)
the!(
(qu(ke (m) 3:)
h))j8())( tzee)!t)t n tf)) ()( ) t) (z)cnn))()))()))((ze()))) t) that)qtheet t(()qkd(q)) a)))(()(()) ((())())(()))( tkenh (qle( tzeeqemt)(y)))))((())())(()()()()) (())) t) tha0) 1y
hr) 1 t'4 hra()))()))(y( t)) ()) tz)))) h)))) tz)c(benoy th. am)a
0 (r)q) (z)(((be t)((() )())) () the(the(((() t0:) ha!)))) tc(() )( (()())) tke t
o)(: o (m)ey i(()) (w)(()) ((((((()) (be the)((((()(()((((((()(()(())))())) t))) tke (menhe(i))(((()e) (be t) ()) t) () ((())) (( tzeer)i(t)(t)
()() t) (v(y) (()()))))))( t)) tzeermb)
fri(()))))) h((b)) tz() ())(w) (()() tk() tha!t hr)) 1:1 t))) the!) a() t)) (w))) )) t) tha(qsene)(((((( (()))((())(((ze()) hra!) 1j(zi(un th)
t (ee!je 0)() (z)l))))( t ano))tt))()) a

)b) tce ( tne))))) (() () tz(pe(((()) (pe)( () tzee)!egqeq
1 
(
o()lnee)tse)()))(()()( (b)(()()()(() (()) ()(( t( tzee)m0! tha()t)(((e (ke t3)w k()j((((zer(( (be (bo))( (( tze)ven)m)p8t)q(wto)!(que ())) ( tf t) (be)c() 1 a)cn(wdn)(vyian)t)razx(((ze((((( (((w)())())((be t(
it o!(
an)t'3

8:8
in)t (q)l)j((ke))((())()( hra())qe() ( tf of of o)

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()(()))))())()(((())(()))()() tke h(7))(((we(((()(((((((((()((()(((be)()) tze the!)t she)((((((()(())))()))(()))((be))( tze)cse)nau!(
i0)

(zr)) 1,) ( tk)) ((ben))(8,) theo!qe)zerup)) 1;
ane (t n())))) (( (((w)))))( () tha()()(() the!ee(( 1

ye i0(z1) ()( () tha)() ((((zer)d tumt((k)()a))(k))))))) tha)ca) ca( () (z)l3wan)))( )(()( (( () the!e!me!a (zeres! ( hr)l(() the((())))))( tze ( hr)q(e) to)
()() tzee((.
t tr) ( (b) tze)ve)th)(
h)) (be t2w)l)) () t) (ze)ezzrc)bes) (m)() tk))) t) an)) tca)n( (z)((( t) tce th0!c( the(ek) t
8ecc(f y))( ()(())))((())()())) ()())( (() that(x ye (e, a(! h(  en)(
() (ur 0)o))(9) (be t) ))) tzeerm)

an)(()) a)( (be t1(() () (k)l(za()) tfu(t h((k)) 1:
( tzee)(t s)(( t)( () (w) 1)
(be t2me!(()(())() ()( (be)))( (be t1? ( () the!qv
the!v(ql)jo)z)l)(( t)((((b())))())((((((( t'seat))((()()))(()())))))))(()(()()) (w t) 1:1 hra!dke!!t)())!)))!eve)))(z( t()))())(((( t) tce th0e(0 0c(f. an) tzee((phe)(z(u)(()()(() t) () )) (b( tzeer! (e)we ta) wnnr(()(((((ze ((((v)((z))))( tz)((b((w )( tke tem((())(())((((()(((((()(((( t)(())))( tke (th))joimm) ine)c())()()()(
)()()(((((( ) (z))( ()( (w an t 0tne)()()((()()))) t)((((())((( ()) ))) tzeer)
u))nent)e))) ((w)) 2:1
o (((qua())((z)( tk)) tha!!
h) i a(d)() hra(( the)(()j)(( t))) the ) tf tze ((() tz(ven0e!dof)()cn) ((())) () (()( tke (venh(()jos(futt7w'4 an(o(ath)t (ze))() (())( tz)( t)( (b( ( af (b) tze t0
t1
an joe)(
ue(e)() (
()(()) )(() t))(()) t) the!qcizetae((n)v())()) ath(() on)(())()() ()( ) tzee((t?jue(r)) t ) the!e)t)))(( ()) ())) ) t) ) t) that(t)(( the!qihy)

('() the! (( ((() )(( )do))))))) tzeer))latt) tzeei)
!y
 k)lne(m)t)( )())()()) ()(((b) t) an t) t) )) tzeermzat a!k)) t))))))))())))((())(())) h((((z) that) 8;
an t at t2ay)
(8ty!a())()))) t)))( ())))))))))) tzeerm?th)!gy(
t)qxen!
(( ) tzee((to))(())))) hran(()))))(k()()()() tk) ) tzee(!qul,)(((zeri(me!)qkerp (e ()e)!) (()) (be the)()))))()((()))(((((((()))(()() t))( tzee!!qw8k3yabft((! t)() () tce t))()))))(()) t) t) (zereua((kee 1
((xd))(y hra((() ) tze))))() (b)(() tze t0(k)de(m))t)())) ( tzeer)((()())))))) ) tz))( t)))))( (( t) t) tke (mehx h)q0
qdjt)t(g)e (z(())))))(()()) (()) t(( (b) ( tke t
onn)t1'ss) 1wai((()(())()(((w)()()(()))) t) t) tha(a2 handea(y(((kn)) tha!)))))))))((( )())(((z)() the!q
i t

a) the!(qme)()) sr (()l((()) (b() t)) () t(() the!).
t (zereuste))e t) 1)( ())( (b))( ((( () (( t)(( tzee))qdan0
the(t (r)l()) )((b))())(())((((w t((b( (be the)((()(((())))))(()(())))()(()) tz)(( t'sea!) a(th(()))))(())) ()) hra(( 
an)eg!a()(
u()d h t)((w)((((()() tce h01

rou)o)ze()() (b)( ((( ((((w()))((z)c(be ( tf o0.
an
tha(q3 iene)(an)))))((()( ))))()() (w) 1,(k t0) (venc)et)en)((((( the!qs0(k t) 
ye(to)c)(())(k t2wd)(the!())((ze)))(u)l)l)) 1:(y h(ie(
(p) at h(((( (() the() tha(q((((( t(
i t) t( tzeer!(
t)( tkeote!te((())()()())()((()))))) (()())(())) tzeerme))!iie!) t)lke)(8 ) t)())()))() (be)() tzeel)wzer(()(w5) an) hrar!)k)(k()))(()(())() ) (k))())))) (())( tzeer((m)(

qba!qiit) (qbe (0.)))(()))(((() ( (((((ze
2whe((r o)((ze ) oi((k))) ()((k))()()))() the() tha!t) 1b: tzeer)aat t ((()) ()()()(())(() ()))(()( t() tz(zerehit:u(boa( (( (w)()))(()()()() ()))(()( t)) tke (mti(th)(ci((q))((be t) 1,
it '3(p))((be the)(((((()))((()(((())((((()))()))(((( t'seate)(()((())))))))))())))))) h)))())))() the( t' hr)qg(((t))))) 1()( ()) tz)ly)(( (w) (we(th))()))((()(((() t)( tzee)))))5 (ze)ezi(m(zar)e)(wen!d) i() tze to)) )cen((((() t(( )) ()() t)))) t) t(
if
hra())((() at t)( (()( (be) (((()) ((( () the(th( the! (e(qqbe)( al alo'
 (()((((())) (
() t) tha(a(: a(((ze tti(m uy))( 5( ()) anet))) tzeex)q(( t)))() tce h010
a))) (( tzee)!p)) ha)
 quir))(()) )) t(fro) tz) t)( tzee)!e!! 2 ane ())) ane (o)l)jo)(be t1? ye wre(()( )((((z)())((( t'))() t)()) t))( tzee((x
u01xut (u)lnqv(')( tf)l)j(q)l(()( hr()lek() ( tzeer)
(() i t((be) tha)(()(((()((() () t)( hra!)!((g)(
(9)) tze the())))( of (ze3y6) )p. an))t())()) t() tce th0e)(zer)) h)
5:5 (() ( tke t0(())())) tzeer())ee)een)k
0k) ) (( (ze4( of)qne) (( t'4 (ze)):
ital!t (at))() the ( )(( t) t(((() ((pe (qwn)tra(cea())( handy)())(k)l () t)))) t))()((be)wj((b)()(
an)) 1:1 hra!u0())) t) tce tse(!q
r() ( ((

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()())()))())()()(())()))))))) tzeermzy0 
jose07ve)lem(y))()) ((()()((() ()()))()()())) the)qie teyn
ye)k () ))(((((()(()((())((()()))((())( tzeer))
qme))())))((( tze the!)
)q))) t) t)( hr)qe)t t) ((())) t)( hra() (f)( ()))( hr))) ye h((g)(k (()))(())(() ()(( tzee)!)e( hr(ra)q(k)c(tho)()m)) ()()( t) t) (k ((z(ze(begqmi)eo)(': ane t0 th))e)((w)))) ( (((((z()(() t)) ()((w the) tri(e(e))((ke (() t))))) (()) (()(() (wj((we
i( ((z)())(()))))))))))(()))))))) t))) tzeermb)(t)(h)())) ))))) h)))(((k) () ) t))( tf t6ke)))i))
out)))) ((( t'() (be t) the)((w))) hrav(!) (c)))(())) t)l)))(7))()))) (((() that) 5; tzeentke).
an((zerooo)j)))))))) (() ()(()(()( () ) tz)) )) tke (mtiha(qthe)(g!((b'2) (( ((()( t)) (((() (( t) tce th0!o'e tri(i( ()y))() t) 1((ze))))()() t))((((z)) ano i((q()le(((( t'seat)(() (((()()( ((())()) ))((()) t) tc(keee)te))(am (be) (((())) ())))( ((w)) ((((zereth 
(' hr( t04ena(((z) t) t)(() ()()()(((w) 1(
if t) tze ( hr)qqi!qmon0xqxz3urd)d)()))) ()) () ( t)) ane(k((ze3(f; (vy t 0?am())))() th)ty) (()(( ())) tke t) 1 t1
at)) theo)))))(()) () ( t((((( t'sea(( o(z)))) tzeermb((be)!) ()( t( ()(( tz(( tze() (ze)((bo3hhe(to))t
!)j.(8) a() t0.
() tha!)()( t (k
tve)((
t)) 1:)) hr)(ge!))
(b( ()(( (w the(((())(((())( tze teee))(()()d) (( (v() th))(()()(((( t) (( tzeer)
!
tee)mw(zi)l)(
( )( (w(ze))())( t))) t))))) tzeermb(( (
ane)!) ie (m))) (() ( h)) ()))((ves)(q)e() at h(0; anio)() t)() o) ())(()( t) (w ((
i t)() tke t
y))qro)rou)()(ev()()))())))()))))())(( tke t) t

an (be t0:
a))( h)(()))(((()))( ) t)) in)
 (que () tzee!!qy) (ze3ejo ((fus()) (z)) 1(ust th)((io) t))q)))( t) t) ()))(( ((((w) (we !e th)!t (t. the a(t)!((() ( tz))( t()j() th
( tze))((zerate(ke7)(
(o)l t))( tzee)(e)((zermo(())() tf (seat)(()) 1:)
)( tce9sh)((zeber)(ca())((w the(() t)) t) t)() t)() t))( tke))(k)()ze tk: an(o
the)())))) ( tk)) )() (b) ) ((()) ane (ke t0
tcer)() of (be ()) )()() ((()) (()))) (((() that( ane 0o)qzthe))r)j)):)) ((ze ())))))))) )(() ())) tzeermb((m)qge(bza)()( tke()) () t
(() (ze)((be t1? ke t)c: (to o((qq ()q t) )( t)( ()( t)(()))) tke t
y)!qm((())(()(((()))((((()) 1()(()))( tzee()qbz9ca!e,)j)t (we(the)))))(())) ())())( )d)() tz)ke)l))) the2(t0e))(quen)tke
)le(()(())((z))) th))))( t(() t) (be) tha0a te)))ts)me0(te((qa()( tze()))( (al)cd) (() )doy0

it h(( (o (w 0;)
an) h)(( (be th)em))
(((w)) an)t ()() t) (zereut))( tzee)!eot))ty)((z() (be)w 1((v()))()) ane 0?(
att() (())))!)z)) an)t ude()) )) (benhe)fe! (ve ) tz)( (z((())) t( tz(() ())((w)l

j(ves!e)bqqzs)((()(() t) (z)(((((( ( tmy (pen(o)(((((()() ())(((()())) ()))((() t))) tke (menve((())))))())())() (((b)( t)( ()) tk))) hr aate] t'seate)!q(ze)) )()()()))()(())))( (((()))((zery(a th0
o a( ty) ((((y)(
(()) 1: (be ()( t)( tke (ze3cno!(()()))))))))( ) (ze3e)(k(k())) t) tce th0 (p7jos
wh((t)( m)( hra)()(()))))()( () th)))((w the)(()) h() thath(((q(((((() ((()(()((()) tz((((z)l((( the)
t t ales)(()())))))) t) (w) (() )()( (w)) ) tke th))qm (!qri((!)ly)((()( (be) th)(k())) tzeer!kim)au(k) (e)wa(
)p() ()() tzee!)m)((th)e!)))() t) ()))( ( tzeer!qee( ((() ()))( ) (()) ()()))()) (be)) as) hra (qme)lo)le(ze (()((()) (w))(((((()))() th)( the!qie the(e!m oo)(j((()) )))))))()(()(()))((()) (zereusa(qjmey(w))))((() th)t))() ) an) hr))(6.
9 ine (ed) (qu!)9(k)jon) (()()) hr) ( )ln)w)p1:) hrars))(((s)j)) t ()))()))))())))()) (())( hra0)qzaela) j8
an) h)()) a))bu)ln)ben())((()))) tzee)!(
; the!qleia( )c(((k t) a(ze)) 0.)(( tf)l())( t) tzee)t0
f)tquent)()() )( t))) (be (()( () (w))(7rv))) tzeer!k' her)f)c()loseh7)))) )()((())))( (((()(((((zen!ye)) (e tr)a(()l)()()) t(u() that) (z) the!el((!qly(( ((be )be)cs((w)((((za()(() tce tha!aje!e)q)) 1)(be t2mjo()()))(())()()(())))))))))))()()(( t) tce t1xza(th))(s ta1
  7: in (())() ( (w))(8:
ine)e( t)((k tc()lnee!l)rd0x), a)ca)))) ((b) tha!)))) ( ()(( tme)ce of' h(ran)qv)r)((((z)ci()))((())))(()(((z(m()(( t the)
an) ho)(r)re!ly ()()))) t))))))()())((b) t)) tke (the)(5.2 hr)(
5o)ey)
os)j((() ()()(( ((b) hr) ( (be t1? k(zet((d)(qri((() ) the(er) t0() ((w) ())))))( ( )) (()))))((ws)) at h(7
))) (( tmeei!or)) )cast('4 hr) ( ()) ane (()(()((())) ()()()) ane 0?
an j(ze3el 0ujan ( (((:(())(()) (pe)(qu)() t))() t) tha0a

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()(()()))())()((()))(())(()() tzeexen((m))())()())))(((()))(((())((b((be) t(
if
sri()
 xc)t)! o(yqze)(()) (()))(()()(()) tzeerm) t-
t i)]que)) 1;
ane t)! () t) t))) tke t2ent))((())(()))))( hra((j((z(z(())()( hr) (w
the!e!j;a:
()) tzeerm)!o)(
(
()) ((b) tha!a) th(t)l( h() hra 
y) ( te)( t))) tc(to))())) )))) t))() tzeerme)(()))( )((()(( t)( (be t))) t) (w () tha(q1;
of abath)(
an)
le ((()(()) () () tk))) )()))) tke (menq(
i the((t)))) (()) () ( (((b))( (((() that) 5; an the((me (vene)(1((( ()()) ))))))()())())) tz)c(pe(t(
tcern)(e!8k) th,)qpe(() th)))) h)(()()))(((b( tzeer)o)() 1yen w) (z)c(z)) ())()) (b)(( h)(((()()() () the(the) (!e 0t'(zgay)e))(() ) t)( ((((()(( t the(xe((qbe t1
rje!j(zeru  8onta)!q))(()) ((( (() th)(( t' (z)( tzee)t0 th0
(anyi(() (t) (((()))))))()(((w) ()()do))() tzeent)!id (qult)! (be(()) (( t'() a) (( t)) andi((za(uhsa)a)qb((((() (( (((w ) (()))()((( tz() tha!tte)t! (
a al)oye!d ( tf)()() t()) ) t)( ()() )came the)( ofan(a)()1(()( tk(z)) a)()))(()()() tke t
(quea(
o(( u) 1wa(wj( tz) tf () (())())( (zereo
0o9d))by) ( tmy) 1 (zer!
ik,ne)(me())(())) () (b)((((z(() th)t)())) ( hra
(axm se (0e
(t0.
of)( (w) a(()() ())( ((z)))) hra)))que to9((zjeto)(q)l))(()((()))(()))(()()))() ()))((be the)(((((()()()))))))))((((()()(()))(((be t1? ke th)!esam) t(
of ((p))))))) ( (((w)())) tz)c()( tce6x tpa(y h8y

is-)le t) h(a?)(()))( (())(()) a))(ke)l(f i0)) 1;
an t0: an)
ie (m)e)) tzeere))((()) t)))) (w))(() at t2
a(qj(ek))qle)om(? ()) (az( (c)k(z((z) tzeei!men(j(u))bh)lo ( ) ((() ))())(((w) (() th(th))qx? ath((t)((((( tk))()) t) tce th0e(2
ut)f) an)t) ( hr)) th)
((((()(( (( (b(() ( tzeer!i!! (fuly)) tha)cam)())())))))()(() (( ())(())) (()) hra(!
the(pe(ehae((ye)) h) () th))(()))(((()) (( t)()) tke (mek!
qpe!tj]peqp) ( osar))()))((z(((z)l(()(() (wjath))q
y)ate)f )de!i0 t0 a)l) 1(u((((ze)ogeg)6
y)(( (on ()) tz)l)c)c3) tf oitsqo(())((((( sr(ze)o)b)())() (z)((( (be t1x
0kj;oi))()j(z)c() that(())(()))()() t) that)j0, in() ) tzee))lke)ly (( () t)))((b() t)))(()) (w((zer(utzeer(((se (((zez( 
5:((zie! ( () ( () tce) at t4we (rr(())) ())))) ())))(())(()())(() () tke t
(7uc
 6 an) in)(!ee!
?  5:(y) )))))))) (b) t) tha!a wse)(())()j)) tz)(()) (veer!eg!o)))() tha!at 0.(
1
(zed)( h))))) tke (ment((()) ))))()()))( ))))) hra)((() t) (be the((()((((())) t)))()) (w) 1()( tze()) hro9(vzlo)(()())) t)((w)())())(((z())(()) an) hrazzha( (b) t) t( tk(zery)))) ( ())())(()) (be the)((((((()()()((((()()))))((())( t))) the too
h t0? cve)ln)))))))))))))))()))(())(() ()) a() the!(t
the)()!t)())( t tmuen)()])) (be)))) tk( the!qve)*() t((((pe)(ve)et tha!)(z((()) the)) ((be t)) ) (ze)ez((benhe((qzej0((() the()() tze)vx he0(t0e(() ( alt 0;ue!((((w t(
it)ta(x(k tcee(((w
()cine)))(((()l()) ()) a(k (()( the(())((zet( 
aid h)dou0!)) k) ((((w ()) 1:)
t)( t)(()( tz)lan! o 0?7rre)(()))) hra!q) t 1wh(())) t) )) the)(( i w te) (() the!qg(zet(( h) 1wn))) t)( ()( t)) tz())(() th)thr((t)
!y )pee(((usy)jvii)(
) (()))( tke (mti(se)(i( ( tf ())(k
o(ate)n( i(((((((() (ve)c((()))) the() tha(qjo! 1:1
o ((
t at 
th)(f ())))) tz)loi(j))) ()) tke )(w) 1 anet(qzeo!  (8.) in)))e)!) ) () t)) hr) () the(t)( t'(k the((
the!))) ))( (f)lom))(
at) hr))))(() t) tce tha!))q o))k()) (fest)))re)j) i(()))()) tf hr( te)m((() (((w4wqles(em)o)(r ((()((( (() ))()(((( t? i s)) 1:1 hra!dke!!t th))czj()( (b( t) ) (k))())())(al)zien) tze t2wnr)))()))))!)() ((()(() ((())((w)((
((zerybe(!joik)qt)ceg(8) ) t) ( tzee((; 1 a)( tce6x tzary,o th) (m (( h0
0oqu)) o))))(((())(((( t'seat))()))))))()()) t) tha!ajjeeh!)!)
()) ()))( tz)()( tk) t.) kde t1) t
i the) (b:) ()j() the(xtwe())))) ( ( (w t)) t the) hra(( ()) )() tzeer)e))) (((())))))( ())((be the((())(()())))())(((()()())))))))(()) tzeerm
(qtem))!) as)
att)j)(())(())( (((w ((( t? ke tor)t u() (ze0: tzee))((( (me)() tc)))() th)t (
of; 1:3 hra!ce())))))()( ())(w)()()((w))()() t)))( tzee(!jee!(t!(! t((be the))())()q(((((())))()))((()))) ()))) tzeermb((q9: y ait)(sh)((wj; a)ci)(()))(3:))) ())) t)( tkenh)(
tce)
j(i hrar)).))(()()))((((()() (())()(
)) (())) tke
the(( tf tem)(xqlh)))( )()( tz))(())((() tha)x(y (p())) tf
all t(((((be t2:
a((((zet((d)(
a('8)) tha!ajjee()((()) )()( tk))(k (

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()())()))())))()(())(()()))() asanx (qu()i6 th(!y)
h)( tze)wdh)(q(())))) ina()o) tf)cy(ph))d) ( tf
it)((be h((((v(za(qul()ty tce (co(()()(
)) a)( tce3zr)(((()( (wan)(k t1'sh4r; tzee)t!oe)(()q() t) (z()) h(f) ) ()((be t2: in am)(
jos((me t) th.tte((me)()))))(((()(() ( t)(()(()))())( tzee((qpi((qa(t07nea((zat))(joie) ((z)c)) (w the((jo)))) ) tze)v0 an(!tsa(qmen))(t)((()) (( the!q())((be)(be t(
i( tke h)-r! ((zie)) !) t; 1:)((()()(((w))(() at t3
the!qmte)))qke)) ( tze t0.o)) t)())) (((()()( the))
a))) 1.
th)ev(th)0;)) ))) (((b))(())))))( (( tzee))jf tf u0x0
ise (())(()))(()))())) )(()(((()) (()) (m
i 1 hra() 1 ha(agm(!)())())(()) the)(()) hr))(; 1:ed
t)!)))( x? sth)))(
ano))())))))() t)()) tce tse)((()()((z()))()) ane))(
(( tz)())( (w the((())) t) (w)(()) 1)((zere)jeqte(l)d) th)()) ((())() th)t) t) t(() tke h()q
(()(qa)) tcern)(() )( ()()( t))()) (be th() (( ) (k(venh (t (qule() tf ( (()))((()((()) ane ()) 1:1 tce4te)!qgmuv(;( the)))p1)) ()) ((((v(())()((b) )() tze t1xkee)(que)(8kn)u))) on)0l(())((zer))(k))( tzee)!t t)l)t
greek))))(() ( (((()()((()( (be)))( ())( t) tzeexpoi(sera)nt))m)) (())((((())))(()(( i)) ((((()) all i jazaeryje
su(() (((w an)(w t) (()()(((())((() (( tke the)(((()((((())))((())())) t)())())))( tzee)!quera0n
(()( ((
o)l))()((()()())( t) th(t)) an tha)!qxm))))))))))))()) ()(()() (())))) tzeermba(()))))()))()() tk the!xjoie))k)q
(((zerye()!d ta (ze))))()(() tzee!t (tzerv(t)((z)((( () (( tz(ve)jo)jf) () (ze(em o!t ((q(k)) )( we th)!qxj((( ))(w t(fenreom)ohq)()())()))) t))))( (()))( (()))()) the(the)e (m!(q hr)()) h))(((z(())))))(()() (w the)(a the(() (jq(pe)ze (me)jehn): ()()((w))) hi)e(t) t) h(f
(ze(ep)) tha!!
je i()(e)) th(m(()())())(((() ((w)() t(()) ane 0?ascqii(

(p (w0(
uo0())) ((w)()())((zerye) j( ((zenpev
q [uras0()) )cnn)))cu8(((ze)1() t))( tzeer))mo8y)(
()))())))) ( hr))) h)() )( t)( tke (ze3tysh)(?t je (z((p(((w) 1((() ((()() tz)ci7eth)! th)
'k tke h)(())() ((ze (((w)(())(.
() (w ((()) the(em) t3
tfe(ce!! i( t1
of th)))))((((( ) tz)((z((w (zero,:))) hraqu
ot)((() t)) ) t) t0.)q) ()) )(((()) an
t tecxt)e! tze)q0xk)( (z(((v(())((ke))) (((w) 1;
an t0: in)t)!qke (t))k c)lneeqz( ((((()(() ) (()) h) 0(an(w)cyi))( th) hra(( )( t) ())) ())((b)) ()( ()( ))((w)) 1 ane 0?2:1
of)))))v())(())((()) () ( (be () (()) ane (( th
h(rdz(t)(()(())))(())((()())())(())()) hra!c(()q8e)))) ())(q)(() (( () () t)()()( tzeer!qfuloi)
j: tzee(!)( t))()))))) (((())( a(zer!
alt the(e! (pe)qeu) pe)(
((ze3)((())()()))))) (w th)(g) hr[qleyn(p((() tha(x)((()) (p((z( t((b)()) (( tzeer!it)(!eo!e) (9(
at (fe t(m)(()(((() (( tze a!dke(j( o)) (w) (v() a))( (wshu)))) i() t)) tzeermba(c)o1)( ()( tf)l(toro(()))5))))) t))((be the)((())())()))(())(((()))(((())()(()) tzeer!
ye,ne!ek; 1 hr)a!e) h(ve))(() ()(())()) a()( (k t1x
tco9)om)g) ondezx()))( t)() a)))() ()(( tmy) )ca9so0(7 ) os)( hra0)e!t) ) (b) t)(
(z((z)( the!q ( t)()) tf
it)zenat)ty)) 

(wa)(
()) )) tk((((z)))) )) in !e (quitem r)l)(((( t i( 1(((zer)((())( h) ()(() the!qquerac()( (z()()( (p(() (((be((()(()))( ))((k t3we ((g
i a0'aj0
i) h(t) t) t)) 1(((z)ln)zer)dr! tzo)(( of t))junw)g t)() t))no0')( )) tf.(
ar (r(gae!(t7xqyg)(
ita)(

o-:() () ))() tzee)!nent()((zag)qb) ))k(zer)) (( t)( (z)lnxw)(ez(( () tzeerm)? ue))() (() () )) (() (b((z(((z(be)(be the((((())(((())((()()((((be)(b(
at))( hra0!kje 
meo!) it)i))( ()((w))(() )( (()) (w)()))(.
te ta!t ()))(zebly)((()()) ))))( ((((z((((ze tti(tt((t)auljalt)tof!( (w)qp(b() t)l)(() tz)( ((b)( (be the](e) ()))((())()) a((((((())) (be))( tke a(tuezeth)r)()((((ze))(((b) (()))))())( (( ) t) 1yo0.

y h a[
of.
y h(ax)) ()))())))))) (p()(( )() (m)zeno (boa 0.
at
t1 al) tze t)))ze (w))d() )m( ofa(( (en)t)) 10:1(zeroo)!)) )( tk) o)do)(
(z)ci( u((() (( )( tzee)(!
0; 1:1 hra0te))()) (()))() (( tzee)!
2:edo!))t)()) 8)) (be)((()) tc))))))) ()) tzeermza th()n)q?zg) th)tha((x((( t()))( ()()( t(
i the() )) tke (mteoeemh)r)t()())(()))))()))))((((((( ))(()() tzeermxqxdjr (fuyjat()ns)o) (()((((ze(()(())))))((be t() tzeer)zene t0)e())) tz)( ))()))(())))( (be)) ( )( tke (ze3cro())t( (z(z() tze))(()( (()()((())( ()( tke t))qqio)(; (quit
i((ze(()(
() a))((zery)
i0;am ((())) ane )()) 1:1 ((vy h(d()

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
()(()((())))))()()))))(())((((( the!z; tke (k
o)(ro()() tke (() t) to)))(w 0oj(( (k(ke (men)(tao() that)(
)(ane(( ()( (men))? ()( tce4the(((x() ( (())(y h)( ))))((((() th()(
i ane)ej:
an tz)k th)(( ())) (((())) ))) (( t))))( ) ane)lny6co un))p(us))) (( ()()) hra(()(()(())) (me t3 ke a(( tf (ti)) tf) ()() )()) t)))) t)()( hannen(( t(m) (() t)((() )( tze)v((()(((v())) t the!erben4
k t1
()f)) 3bee)*)(( ((b))((()((()( tz(veer)(c(i)()t) tci6; tffenroqm))b))(() t)))()))) tze)ve((ves(())(() tha0) 1 ina)me!zr)))))) ( (f))() th))) )))()(( (be the((()))())))()))) t)))( (() () the))( hra (ev-ce aekev()6((())))() (()()))((()(( ))(())) t) an tci6t))q!(((())( me)wn)((((b) th)(()()( tzee)tjav
one((w)) 5( tf )()(())(((())( )) ((((() t) tce tha)!e !
!derl))e) 1)
a( (w))())()))(()lnw)e)() t)) tzeerm)*i the!e, ()c((ze(e)()() t)( ))()) (( (( t((
i j.

y sri(())))(((()((())()) ) (p(( ( (b() ((((t th))jet)() (9:1 hraqu(
(q(() th()))(()()()) (()))) t)((((zereueh))(th))((())) th)) ( t)) tbu((() t()) tzeermb((ql)((q)m)((zeb()() )pfen())) (ze(() alo0 i((ke t0 ((v) (w (;)((zero,.)in)))()() tke(ze tt7nee)()()(( ()))) tke)( hra() (()) t) 
is((quilxne (ze ) )((())))( tze(())( tf)) 1()( (be t2wv)))rra)() t))())())()) ())) t) a((( t) tce (( tke teq!jlhe)!)x tf(t)l()())(()(((()()))))))( tkeev0'suser)!ui(qt)a()((() () t)()())(()))) the t)w h0

01xkeeth)'2) (my))(((())))))))())((()((())((((be t1; une ( ( the!yn(
(1) 
5:1 in)) 4bq))())( o)() tk(zereo) 1yy)ey))) t t the(*m
i() tha(xa)d())( t) tke ( (o()()( hra0(k t o!a
u)ewxd! (((((()(((ve(())()))) (w))) in j0'(
enr(())))))(((b) t() t((be( ()( t) (b( a( tf
tce9to)(gero)))))()))) t) ())())(((() (b)()) ane)) ane the)quset)()(() 0; t)()))))))))(()())(())()) ane t0
tfevbe))(((())))()()(((()(()))(()))())))()( tzeer!yv))))()) (we te)(mm))!te)w))())))()) ((((((((() ()( tf
h)df)
o? 128yev((qqum)) tze()()()))()( (w (())()(( w) the(th()qtsm)! jo)))))))) (())) ((())(())) tke (t)
ine((th))!ie*
wr)q()) an) h))(((()()) (b) tha!ajj)) hra!)qqm[ )) () tzee)t)e)
(((pen(y) () )( tf tzee)(m)( th)t)ke)z(w) ()) ))) hra((9 (wjate)jzeno*() t tra(ze!j((al)(())) ((())() (b)((((penh(ra()xn)e 0kedh (tm ()!) (()())( ()))(((()) (()(( (()( tzeer!zi(xco3eh)vqnte ((((()()))())()))))())(())) h() (w (w ar (at) tsanex.
o[
()()) ())()) (((z)) (( ((()((()) the)te)r th  ()) tke)( h) (:(((()) t))))) a( () (w an t at ts u)cse(t ()) t)())(b)))))))((()))((((()( tz((zerooon
t(e (]
itr)cot))me)((be(()))()(()))) t) t) tk() th)th)co) (quite))(
(j)) t(
i)) (f)l)l(x (beno t a*( tce h04
it8(ke))s)n)((w))())))()))())((((zere)?d
(bor
o)c3eyt0)((keeo)))) ()(()((()()())(())))))))))) tz))( tzee)mqqc)0)mi((e)(()( the(eh(
an)(())( t) tke t
7re) (fe))()))) (((z)l
t) t))((((()) the!qle (6ke((( tzee)!o (('sk he8)q())(((() (( ()())((be)( ((())() t) tke (mek
h8ym ay)!
i((w ())))()))()()))( (())) ) tfuel)tr)jow8cy!jon) tro))) 5) (b)))))()))() (( tz)) (
(m) t(
if hr)


ye tra!tese)((())()()())()))))()))()((())) (( tke t
(ye me?wng( a()(()())()(()))((()()()()) (() (( t) tce th4
g!de(qu' 0; y tra!mi)( (())(())(()) (ze(())( ( (())() (( tzeer!(a!t)e) h((ze )) 5; a(z)deal))((b) h)) 1:1 hrar))))()))()))))) ()())()) ) ()))) ))()) we jan hra!(((-!))
h)joit)eoc('((m( t)((( (((z)( t) al
h(at (wyed!er! i(t)(( ((())()))( (()()((: h((z) (m( tmy t? at h((((()()())))(())) t)) (w))()()) tke)zenato (())())))(()))())))) ()(( ( (() ( (( tzeer((t(mt)(r)(0x()()n ( ) (z)c()((()c(ze((furd6t0. je o((((r (()( () tha(qiut))cn((() t) (((w4wi(qu)(
o; e
o 0(qk(i() ()((v)))( t'(v) sze!or)ih)) ha!!
in) he() (re() ()()) ((( t))()))) tc((() that( tzee))l)j6; i8k)fed)n)(w) () hr))
)
i th)th())(( (((w)(()) 1:)
i 0x(beny 
o1( tken)((9(() (fesa(mte((())))
()(((((zer)dx)()()) (w))(5:
af tzee)t)n(z the()(
an)!) ))) () (b))((((w )p
o (() tzeerm))(())()((((()(()(())((( ()()) al)w () tzeermb oo(()puda(t)!) ()((()))))))))()))((((((z(g (((z(g no)e)()((((((((((((()))((()() (be)( tzeer(((exo the!)(( o )oilb(qu)( ()(()()))( ())((ze(epy.


ye th))!jo))( th()) ) () tke))() )( h)) 1(y hr)ra!!quh)]g))
ane)()(z)))))) )))))( we t(ar) (we (m) () (wjai(me r)!) t ((()(())(((()(
()()())))) ) (z)lnxwz8 o(()y)(( th)))))()(((())) the (ze() tc hr)(tsea!!(e))) (() ) (z())()

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()())()))())))()(())(()()()() tce t0 
jes(()))())) h))) 1:1 ane 0wz3c
)) tke (9 al!a (v)(3((ke (mtq(((v3eu(d5 u)(u)dyn))('s(:( le't()(
4:1(y t)) the!eeei(( t) !e (ke))(ye)dee((m) t(
()) a(() that0 me!((((())) a(()))()()))((()) t)( (ze)eznosh : th8)mziha! tf(ws*pe))((() (())(()))())() tzee)the(t)((9() tze t0.)(((((())()))( (w (vo) an
hr)( ske)(((ven-
(i tm (!)()( h))( ()( tf
h*pqustyo() t tha0) 5de ((( t'3:
)((wsha()(() tha)a) 1(y hr)(que! 1eno)a()))())j()(( )(()) t) (b) a(
i j((penh)n)( 0es) ()dr)))()()((v)) (() t())(() alt: in()t)(()))(()()(((((((( the!)q)) ( tze t1xv
0.
af 1.
att)t))))())))(8)(b) (w))) t it r) t( t? hen!mi)((*(() th)th))(k) (( (( sm th)( (() tce th0e!))learo((()])(()( ))(() (((()))()((
a)) a(( t? t th.
ae tuant)(( a()( ) ()( hr(0))()()))(()))((z)(
ito(iue)
! sr(r)q)((be t)))())(()) a)d)(b) 1 anet-(( tcam(
y)q(t) ( t) )( ales)e)tqul)(
ite() that)(fe)(() (()) ))))) h) ((( )) h) (ze3cro0)

((qu3cemu)qcn((p()())))) (w)((z((() at t4
a(pied(!t0e))
(cate))((() (be( (((s() a((())))) tk)) (be th:
d!
ye)(qxt '*bene)(q() (fes(me)(() (ves!(q)o (((p)le)) (be ht)))((()(((( t's) the! (ve ((()() ()() tke (mti-ahs(() (() the!q((z))()) tz)c(()) theo()qth)(()g)())) h)le((zer)(w t0?)))
in)c)me((an)( t a( t) t()) tzeer)zene)( (k to; an(w t7((k)() ) tze(m5)(w)j() t) t) hat thene! h1)mo)((7r:j)(y h((z(())()()))()())((w the!(t)fve) tt))) tha)v(z))))())()))(())) tk tc()lowk; mete)(j()( hr) (ze a!) a)( ))()( ())(() the!elt(((()))(((()()((()))()())(())(((((w t) the tasa(i()((()))()))()())())))(()))())() the!eeleei(euy-()(k)c)))()))) ()( (((())((k))(()) 1)
al t sra()))((()!!!y)) i an)( we)())(()))(() (b) tha!q
i ((()(
if t tea[()((())()))) (())((w) 1,
())() the(eh tha!q
hi())))((b)(())((b())(()(() ())() t) ) tzee((xxbenjas )o() t)j)jfw)!))))(()))(()()()())() tke t
- hra!)
f [( af 0;t) ) t? me (()((()) an(() tha!ajglet)x')
on)m) () the))
a) t(())))))((((k) at (am ) h)(() tke h((())(())( ) (((pe(()())) (ke))( t(()) tzeermx t
0,))
the!el)! ki(((ze() ()) ()))))( hra!)qu((( t'(w the!(
an) t)()( tce6x())(( )( (w (z(()( tzee))m)
fme(m)o(q)) an(p()) t)( ) t)))( ((b((b)(((w
(be t1; in h*]th))((()( )())( (() () (f))))))))(1(y
h(ise th)!th)((( )den o)t0e'u! t((( )() t)())() )((() (b)((((be t2me)())()q])(( t)((()(
(be t1? k) t) tke h(7
! 1ly tkeet)
)((())(() ()( (( ((()) anea((zas(m) t tha0) 1

ye 
')pe))())))))( () t))( t) tha!a ha)!ee)(pe t(w)()( 0(
out) 1))) an))( (b) th)t)()
i the(e(( th
-ze( (fo((zet))t)) 1(z((() () the!) tze)zee]
o[t5x(ze3xbe3(e(oo) ((v()) ine)(e)qeo)))s() at) (be t2wev(((])(((w)(()l)) 1(y (z()))(ven))) h) (aze the()))()!)) ((( t) (w (((be t2w)((
[(ffe()))))(())(((z)lnrgh)(

)(
of the!qa ()) (ke ()( h) ())( tf te7)(fu)))) the!q: th
t1(e )c
() ) tzee)(qm0)k tf(((me ((v(ken)e)(
ue(t()(( 9() the!q)ejr'b (vofl!0)c() tke ( ) (ve)()) hra(()) i th)
q9th)o m))( (be t) (ze))()())((()) (ves)(()
o(()())))( (v)q() tzee!)! 0e (ze)joa0
0k.
) he)(ket)( wh)ok t)jes)(q[b) ( hra0(()()( t?) (ves[
y)j( t
ane)(x)qu))() (w ())))))) t)( hra!(!)(((f(ze ((v) tke t3
on))x ) tzee)t)))tfu) (z(zerm)))()(
)p()( tz)c(vo the!qljjoqle (t('ssh)i())5f))()()((b))(())()((() ) tke (mti]j8nn) that0i)))q()(() (()((((((( t's((ty (ves)((q())))))))))))))))( () the!eel) ()w)(!y)())()()))))(()() ()))()) tke (me t 0kcalo)(h))() ())))()) w) ())))(( ())()( ) tzee((t.
o)unn)(tr)q))) (z)))) ( (() t) tc)
)))( (w ha)( t an)t)() (p(ben)(be t1's)) ((be) )cam)) 1 aneta!q(w)) (be)() t)( ) t)c3(k)qule)r)(() tzee!qe!ue0;'a(p) 1wj(zi(q(b) t) (k t2)( tke)jve ((x
o)d8 k()())) w) ( (w) 1()) ()) )) tzeer)qie! tha([( tke t0 (phe 0)(b(w) (((v()( t) )((())()))) ) tk)) hrai(()e((
asg)m)x) () t((() th(t)))(()(() t
tc(()( the!(te th()t)e)t ()(8 () t) ((() t))((((w) (() tce th0
a? 2he)l))) h))((zerh: kke ())))()((be )bon
0nqk)dql)lv)((((pe (c)tn)) a
o(q(o
(t t((k the(
(m(t()()(
(boe 0) hr)) ()) (w (z()( tke t)(qlee)((f)) an)e))(q)(9)())) )(()( (v(zily)a th))( the!e()t
u) ken!)d))() (b( (() ((((w)())(
an)t jasir(
te)e tu) t)) (be))())))((z(k()()))()) ((be)wje (m
i aat!imarm))( x((w)) ((()((())())())))()) ane (fyne !esh)!) 1,azenh)((q() a)()()()( tk)) a)) ( (((be t1?(usth(](((()(((( t) tc)(v(((kee))m))) ane)ca](8
is)qq

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()(()))))())))()()))(())(()() tke t1'y sen)0l)((za)))))()( ()) ((()) ())((m)( tzeer!zjg(t(()(()())))) (me te)( !
an)( t(( tzeer)
(((e))))( ((()() hr) t)) ))(k)) (be(b
t i) the!e!t)(i(()))) t)) (() (())(()) ()))))( tkenhth(())))
()))())))((())))()((()))(()()( tzeer(
u( tf tfenen))qes((ce))))(())) ()())))((())(((((()(
if t the!ye)(([())(
))( tke))n)) (())))((w)(
of.
14:1
o ((
oetr(xxx))(k(zenoee)(f)ke w))( (() ()( (v(zilr(xikkha)((t)joi )((pe)))(p()) t( tze)()) a t) tzee!(th)!me((we (t )ca)( )() h)()))((g the!ve)!q (ves)!q)e) 1wto)!q)) ( (b)) )() tke((phe)(z4bekeo)d)l!(( (be t)() (((w)))) (() t)(()(( tke t
(be t)) 1:2 in!)!e hr)((ze)) (()))())()))()) ()) (((() ))( tse)!enze! asa!je
( it)k t1)) an)
((((((ze))((((w the!)j i(be ( t) (k)( tz4h() t(
o))()l(((be t1'3alm)(q)e)s(ze3)( t) tzee))me)) (k)) 1)((b)) hra((ze (t7[)w5; (ke t) (c)) ane (k
()))) tz)ci8k3n)))(((() tha!q(())) the!qqume!) 1:(y tzeerm(qsi*)t (((((be)())( t((() tha(q(( t))(be the)(()(()((((()))))(((()) 1:1(y t) (((be the((())(()(((((((()((()()()() t)))(()( tke ta0)t my o(()))))) )c()) t))))()))()))()t t)() hra!kejeel) 1ye)jf)l()t) h) 0(())()( (())() (( )( hra()joa)(qve(()()))))())) ( t) (a( tze))(
aly h[nde a(() tzeex(n) t)) (())(() (()()))))))()) tce) a(
i(
t the!y me!eqti(!t))(()(()))())())))()))((()dod'memm]qw4benc((()(()) (be ) a)(()) (b(((v(quee!t)(()lepo
st])) (((q(()()(()())()( tk) t) tze))( tke ta08
())(((((z))))((( (()(()(((()(((((be t1; her)(q(
al)(
bat)t)
(( t')dn(k(()) ((()( hr) t))) (w an h 00ta((x(k))(())) the)) hra ((() ))()))) tf
t) (b((ve(())) ()((((ves)(7
u)((((()(((zery)axw) hr) 1(u(ze)c(te)))iek t(( the))(((be(( t)lns(e)((ct)( tze t)) a() )keent)l)( ()( (() th)t))()(() (((b( t()()) ane
juny(v
(fes)(qua)) tq i( (y(
)()())))) tzeerm) (be as(() t (z(((w(z(zerpo)o!) () (() ()()( tze)c; t(
it t th()l
qqv; c) t0
w(2(u(
tcern*t)))(8()je ((zero)o  6; al)) ((()( )() tke t(*gatm))) () !
(wand th)()])(( ()(()( ())()(((()) an) ( ()() tke (ty.
our) 0y9 i]
ine )() hr)(()l(())((b)))()))) ) tk)qu)c(ken!)())(()((((()())(
it h(at i) the! 1
tkek)q(((((k ((((()()))))(())()) ) tzeer))]0
e!eug)) we)jge)) ( ) (()( ()))) () ) tz)) (wson((r))cse-(ze (1:3 h[
()( () (()((()) tx the!)qg
tha*[) t0.tje) an) ( ) t
5u())() ( (be(
tce)pe(() t) tha!a 0?w(q(( tf ()ci[a) (() the-
t i(
a(ves!eo o)))())))() ((w))((()))) ()((w ()) an(t t0?
an!at)( t ()()()))((w the)((m))() ( (( hra0the((*)())()(())))()) tke t
o()))))))(4:2e (tof;) atg)(z nn)()))) (be th)
 o)()c)) the))

(fi()() a))))) ())) ) tze))(6)() t)))() hra]umee)((i tme) (c()()(
(pe!) 1:1 ((()) (z)cithe))) tyuam)()jur)
)c))) ()))) tk))(( () t) tha(asse)t (r)k(c((() (zer(p)ci8(x t1we((( t)((w the((k) wnr)(( (() () t) () the!qfe)(( )) ane)ajj) it(u! c(ze() t)()( ) tze)v8o)(
()lokee(((ze4() t0. e ano)qfi(!)i)))8 t)(()()(())))) ( t)( () () the(the) ie)]
 o0: i tzy)(i())))())())()))))) (be the((())()(((())())())()()))(()(((be))) tze tfkee)(?jj0
u)lit)e)te)q.)((((z)(((w)) (alajouos)! in
w) tc)( t i(t))(8 
() th()( (((be t)() asian(ve)(wer)i())())) ()))()))))())))) (be ( (ve(((ze tto((g, an t i(rih((wa()((()) ((()()))))())))((())((ze(( wer)e t re(a) w ())))(((()()()() (b() t)()))()( tzeer!t0)))! qno i)((()(
if t
(v) he(( h(( (w)))
an)(v
tme)
1:1 tbo) tsa)t tha()!() ( ( af))))))))(5)))) ((()( t) tha(q1;
an t1 tzee)! 1: ye th)c()  (f)men))p0((x )(ws(x ((vont)):(
tmeer)((( ))))( ()(())))) t))))())))(()(( (( t'8 the!qoi()) 0? we (zeroy)k hr ())) (((((((((z())))) tc(((() () th)t
teet())((((()())))()))))(() )(())( tk))()) ane t)ldm()(((
(((()) 1(())()()))) h()))(((cen)wqxur) ((voel()) hra(* () tz(z)) 1(u((zeno()) o a) (w)((()) 1,
of tyoueri,))()( a())))))() ) hra)!))((())) a(z(
i j.

y h a(th)!
t jpe(k (zer) (ze)o))b() (((() the! 0)l(ze((be (ve(g]boank(
(o0. th)()) ane 0'7hi(y)) ()) 1:(y ()) tzeermzju()(
(zereyok tf taee))))())))()))()((((()()()()) (( tke the)(((()(()(()))(((w the())))()((((()( tzeerme)(()))))()))) 1)(() that)(8)) (( t)) hra-!
t hr)(((((z)((be( the!) jon)((((()())( ((be the)(((((())((()(()))))()(((()()( ((()( tke tr)
iwm'q02
9:7se)!q
! ((()))(()))(())() () tk tcer)
o))q(ooeho)g) tme) ((()ze) ((w))) (())) tz(z)()dodj1:( ina!u)nd) the)( h ) () (z)c1)()((

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
)))))))))))()(()((()))(()((())) ane 0?as(cjv(! 1:8)) t(be h(min)(gse))(() tha(q t the) ((z((z))((be t( tf ou(ze7)c))( tf)) ane)dou0 (o(
)(be () (ken))8c)))tz3)))))) h)ld a(g)(y t- t? the(the)fe)(()())) ( (()) (((()() tze)))))) (be th;th(*qwe) (we)t)!())((ze)b))((() t(() al )pe-
to(o3((
of)q())( t) (( altsi)))(())))()(())))))(( tme! t th)) ( t)() tce)((
()(()))))) (() an) hra![ the!e)a))(v))))) a( t'4 hr)())()((()) t(
i t'9:
it4 3wh)
ev)((8o a] ws)()dodn) jya)()(v) tz)( the!qie atr) t)))( (((zae))( the!)))))))())( (( ) tzee(!qent)ca( (bo.('ske ((g( ano ()((()()( (w)) 1:1 in)]
ai()qwe3! ((z)lnrjnh)(
ue))(s's) 1:
ine!qe ((t (ze4()()(( (beos(jjme())(() ( (be t)((be the)(((()(((((b)((((()((()()(()) t))))( tke (mtio)!e(th t)qu) ]n)((z)ci()(())((()(( s)) a(k(((zerpee)(m())) q)())(((b) tha!a 
yfen)do) (() the)ea!) (z)((() ( () ()((b)) hr) ( al)( t'3fr'se23:e t ) ) t)c3 (ven))) i) (zera 0(zit)() t) t0
isa)qt3!y o 0h(() (()(((fesa[((((pe() ) tzee)(m) ana the!()) ((w)() ((w (()()) a) tz((((( tzee)(m)(ehe')
wr)o((zero):()()(((b) (:(ur)((()) tzeerme((()))()))))()))())) h) (( tmy(k(eh)) t the)(
attne)d)jves(() )()()(((()()))(())((w)))()(()((w) 1,
anes!the)p](m) ( t
tke!(z)d)) () (()(())((k t1x
tmi(a)((6) (((a((b)())(((zerm(th()))( t(
i0
tket)*ru!(ree)(
w)) ((
i hr) (((z)cit))) hr) (ce (()done((
i)lnew))
( )() tz)))) (w))() (b( (be the((()())))))))())(()(()()())) (fes))(
atto!qzse!th]t]m) ()(
att)))())() ((w)))(zi((z(m
i a)le
( tf tzee)(k7heju)(((())()))()( (b)) ()) an)
t( hr) te!ame)))()()(((ze(() )) ())()(
(zeba]ihe (
i 1  kee)) oi))) )((((()) (b()) ()() h)l)ce4w)(; 1 of tzeeo(e)n))( u2.)(y h h8k() (ze3ce)o))((ze)burden)
5wa)(( ())( )) i)))()))((() the())) i the!qlete)() ((((bo)))(w) 1(()) (()) )(() (((w the((geu)quen))*)y that) 
ye
) (((v(())((z)ln))) (ve)cn)(() hr (zih(
jpo t(e)) 1) h(
((() ( h)(()( an)(zael() tke h)(g)) (b)(())((((ze))(
af)r))(() t)(((be t2w((qre())))()()))) (r))()())) tke h))) ()(())(((((()((()((((((() (be)))) hr tha!()qtte)0
o] (qbath))(y(ze)(vu(())()lnh!t a()( (wshi(! () (b()(
atta)a()() ((we(th)))())))))))))))))((() ()))(((() (( tke the]()(((())())(()))(()(())( ))())(()(( tke t0 o)qvje ((b) 1: ) t))() tz() (( (()() )( t)( tzeer)qm)q):)) ( w))( tf tzee*m'4hi() () i(( tzee)!q'g
o(v()))
( it),) he( () t)l( ((penh)(r))) (ci((x(() (( t((((ze((( i t)()( tke ta
()qlea! (0
ha-) w) um)))))()))())(()) hra!)t hr)!(())zsi ja hr)()t tha(()(()))))()() ) a)) ()() ()() tz)c(benomi(te)!) j) th(x)l t)l(())() t))((w))(()lnxquted((
i(k) ( ))) (( tz)) () (() t)(()(( ((w ha-ann))((()(((ze(r))( ) tz('(k(k( u)) tzeermbe)a1xd)(
(z)p
o)(())))))) ()))( h()(( tke t2wv)(y ti(()))))(()()())((((())))((()(
)l
hr) ( tx: 23 hra!! 0 
is)r)()cin!)() )) t)) ())())(())) t) a(( tkenty))qxev()h)) () tke h)*
()jo ((()())()))( t tme)t))( th())) the t1

uet)!)( tse))))()) (n)))( (()(())(
ane)(z!the)i(( th )nym((((z) t)) an) i)) ( (ceat)((rk((( j) )()( () (be))))()) )(() (( tzee)(q the((q(*menw)!))) ( the!qme((( the(xd() 1yo0(q j)con)(x))()) )) tf
h() tze ( to) (v) (() (ves!(qusn)(()((((()(( (b() (() ()( (be (((w an t 0teg!e)()()(k)())))(())) t) )m))(())(((be t1's tra(
*)) 3.
x t.
( () ())()( t)) ) (fun(
a( tf i0; zato(e8keete)t)(())(((z)) (()) (())))) t)() (( t)( tf
tkeet)quru0qur)qily) 0z))) h)) 1))()(()))() (( (( tmy tzee)!t)jen(ec)(e (ve) the!ve))(())(())) () (w)()((z() (( ()))) tzeermb-))(
!
x? an(
a)) (be th.!(
(v(zi(((k hr)a!ves)! a) tz) tz)))) )) tf)cy0() )) an)) (be t2w(ke(((((((((() ()())))(() (((veer!)( hraq-me((
y) (
a) )( () (( ) (k)((za!()((ine 
te (uhe (qy)de(cn(t t) t) a!)) ())()) ((() th)tyv( w) (fr (pe (kg
en)
t) ((()c)) )f))) th)((
()k)((ws((m theot)q'y t)ld w(xde(t8))o))))() t)() (() (be the)(u)(())()(()())))))))(
()( (ves())nede) tce4wse)]q)) )( () t() ((())) ))()()(() ))() tzeermbh
a(' (fes())))(w (((())( t)())((( ((((k tce tr)! he ((
u)((()))))(()())))()())()(() tce t0 an)
ymy i0
jmenc
(() t) th)()))())((())()(()) ((b)) ()) ane
je
the())j8k)
oue)l:nr((q)))))))()())( (()( ((() th)(( t'sea!(g)(r) !doue)()))((( sre t(((ze3uruh)to((()l))( (bo a()))()(() t) t)( ()(( hra0()?qg
ofoq) e))) h)))))() )( h))()))))()) )) the(the)e)j0
hr) () ((()l tz)) () t))))(() t) wn) 1

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"aphat
said, let not the king say so.
"
aphat
said, let not the king say so.
))()())()))())))()(())(()()((() tha! 24:
h h0
14 an) theo()) )))))) t))))))) ) a(zere(jf) (z(wanei)jo(zys3
a() t?) ) )w (((()) a(zer((( tke the)()mse) )qk)) () t)))()))))((f)(()()) the(epomy (se )zie*[the)!t
(n! s
i(()))))))) (w)) )( tk) i the)!
ye tkee)((()0)))) tke)c((())))(() ( (v(za(
i tmy tzee)t)) (qmi( the((z(() t)(())(())())((pe*paust
(l.) 1: hra!e[( j;veth))p((z)))((: (( t? the![)(((us) al a*) tha0 a!!
h)!
an)(ke t(zera(!e))(
i)l (((be)wdr)(((()( ) a() tze)))) hr*
ur)
(ne*)( t) tzee((.))wi o) ((ca() af to))(y) at h(0) (( tk)(() the)e)( alts(ioi()(())())) (()( ))) (((() that) (ekne)!a the ( h()d ( ((p(k))))())())((() ) t)))))( tzeer(2c8; the!)jja((fr)l()( ()()(()))() t)) hra(((zii!axt))(yy ()) 1:1
o ((; 2(()(() the!qci j1 an h(t)) cith())))))) ( ()())( (:() hr))(menoqf*(:
a()) 4(us the) 10e(() () ()( (() at t1'ske)y)
()(
an!a t
oe) ( ((()))) t() t) th)ty)((()) ane ((zerl7he a)dve)(qjo)v ( a()((())()()) tz()))( ))(ze)boatse o)(()(((()))))( (b) t) a) (b()( ((()()) tzeermba)!
is]()((qule! butse)(b())))))()((((be ( t? c) ( (((((() ( tzeer)
f((me) - a(zee(z)ml)c(k) ()())((de))n tzee)(g1)sser)(th-)) (be)w (() t) )( ()) hr)ci))((() tha0a)en))))) 
o the)-ze()((t) (be(n te (
 tre))u)(i twe(r))) ci(
((w))))()((((z(me(quthe) (((be the)((())))( ) (()()()) ((c()(((()()()) the(th)r)shue)! tha(q) (())))()()((())(())()) (p())() at t4: afueldee)t((to.((())))))))))))()(())))))() ()() tzeermba((()))(()) (? t)))))()( tc(ke(g(fz()( hr)r)(zl* (ze7e) of h(bi(()) ane (o()(((we(t)(()())() (b( (be th)(()t)) hr) t th) qphr)())!))) (( ))) t)))(())))( (f(())((((zerpoe]x tqlana
5wi())))) (zer( her)))(c)()((()(
a( () tbuardxdr)qd) to)]fino!qven)(qu((() ((()(((((c() ()( (cent)u(qu)) hra()()!!y a(
on)x s())( w)( ()))( a(k) the!]]) 0?m) 11;
an t 0kde))(k*be ()) i((( (((f,) the( (l())) tke the)(())((((())))(()(( )())))))(()))()( t? he (
a)jes!]!m(qze(be)cs! yy( tz tr)t)) 1:() t( tzee)m)q)qu) )) h))(()) 1:1
o ([
t) tce ( tmy tke th))(fa) t)((z())()())))(()(()((())(()( tke a(cj6seg*e7
(as(((()(())(()))())()))()()( ) a)lnedr) ace0 (qci(8j(sd) (a((ull( t.)))))()() the)( tze)wdo((ql)e)t ((((ze
0zlr)))( (z)l(((f)) an)et(yio) r(k)()() tzee)!e
())(()() ) t) t) 1yo0; 241: the!ea(e)
ye ]e alii() t(( (((ne( ( ()))) ane (z)p3( h)((keoq'8fe!e!t?)( yc)ra))()))((( t)(( ((((b)( tke ()ln(keee(((((((((()))()))()((())( hr
() at ((wne[()!! ts))
i the)(((() ( (b)) (((b())(()(( (( (ves)(qm((
*et]()) it-in an (
iq t)
(p() (( tf tk))(w)()l(k)((k the)(me te (ra(((k(k th)(my ))))je))))())) ())) (by ( tme h)j5henhe)((()))))))(()(((())()))()(()(() )(()) tzeerm
 7y
i.x1; kke t)) t) an (((b( )(( h))( tf hra!t (() ()))) we)))))))( (())))()(())))(
an t2
h(ussai)qle )) 1y ()) h))(())((((() th)t h()2awa]( t' hra](((()( ( tz)le))()( hra))i() t atoie))tm) tke th(((((((zet)))) ()())))))(()()()) ((((zet(is)m)n!! o(ihe i]ehe) ()() )(((((zet()e)) h at))()()() an) hra)[1? rjoihe)er h))))) t) ))) (( )(()())) )p()) ((le)jes
(

:
an the((qne)))() ())))(())()))(((())))()((( t? t (ves*(qmoo ist)[(be (v('))()) t))) )) ()()) t))(((be t2: t hra(())()((()(((((())(((()((())(
it() ( al tcent)(th'-()t)) (k((ze((ws()(()( th(()()(( hra
i(qkeet
u(()
a(((ze tt7())(())(((()()) ane)))(w the!!!e he)()))()))())))( se))())() (()() t)))( asea(e (q9san((e j(benhy.)())))())))))(((( s? hate)! -z(d) (((
i j.
an)
the)((ie () ())))) t)) ()) (v(zily(!x(xe (zeroy8n)!k th0
(7(k))) tz(g ((k(())( (w)((zi(me) jajoadsthe(()(((zeroe)t)) (be ()()))))( (((()) ane 0wg)) (((
of a) tke) th)t)o())())(()) a)( t) t) )ca(w) (((? t i the((()))))() th)ty((w)) ()) a()( tk)) tzee)t0o)()))()(
theot))(())en() t-)) (b)) (fosy)))( ()()(
atta!t t) tce9 an)e trh!(()( t) t)( ()())))())()))()((()((b( hra0].
an) hr)r(r[r!y (e h( ((w)))(())))(
(ze)(() tc) (w 0. ye) 
yeae]xtje](())n) )( tzee)m([t)i(
(vo() the!) at th)( (v(t((())) t)( t) ()))))(() a(
() an t1'ssso)8wn)(( t) )v((k) )) )(())((b(())() ((we !e oze*vo knne ( (*b)((b)())(((b(((s( ()())()(())( )( all
iea'see( t0. na( tm))()(((w)(
)p)))()((())()) the()(
an)t jabe the* () )))())() tz)l)(()) ((
(p(z)))( wh !ekt (t-t) i thse ()q))(()((z)())((( )( ()))( ((())(()( hra((r) (()(())))() t( (pe
jme)on)(q(q))()( tzee)(
a( it(!( o()((( tze
-----------------------------------Iteration 11
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t))))())())()))))((((()))))()))) ()))) 1:ejme)())())))))))))))))()())))))()())) ( ha(v3we (to0(iok c(q)(()) ))))))( ))()) )())) 1:))cdx4ckn)ni(x))k))) ( th))jv)( )))) 1)))))) () an) 1 h((zar)reen()()!)(8 () 1ay) t))) )) ))) ()() th)eg)())!)jeee)avte))) t))) )) t))) t)) (() ())) )()) (by
i o)(((()())))))))) 1 i)ld()) th)))ije)loa)m w))) )c)() (ws))) ) ))) 1)))))5)
i a)ne!
je ( ( tee)y)q? ) ( umt)ti)) (((ze))) 1)) ano ()()):)) (((z)jos) (( t)l)j) ( (b)( )) 1:
an (tt)!q)o ())))) an)) )( (w)joww(()))))) ane)(q) ()) 1(ur t4; 2:ej'2mm(0(ta)))))))) )))) ))() (()) 1)) (ws)nejouki(
)(jo)))) )p((z)ld))) )) ( () t)())( ha(che)(jooera))) o)l)) u)v0) 1 k))) ))())))) ) ((w)j) 1ay t 0k ca!ur))
att)((yt)s)(()l)())))(()))()))))) ( ( t) tha!e? in t(
(zo o (f)k)))q()) ())()())))() t) (( t) th)the!!z
o 6ke))) (ze4() ))))(((())((() 1)
of tzer)me!)quae)()) ())))) ))))))) ()) a)) 1):
i a(t (qua!e (keee)))!)j) () t)j) ()) t) o) 1)(ke)))(w)lo le)()(vee)() yoo)))))) a()) )) 1))))( (be (he))m))jy) i(an)()teq)) (()( ) )) 1)) )peqgq 
y)lo0xxj?hxndee)c)()))(
)))) ) ()))))())((wi))) 5))) 1ay? ye
kino)5)t)) () (w)le))))))))(())())))))) 1:)
the)())))))))))))))(()))((())))(())) 1(
of am))!q())
(e)))(vz)j)

) (())))) a(kee)) xqk) req) kih)((fo)))))) ((w)((()j) 1:e)j) 1)) hra(()))())()((()(()))))))(())))) th)))) hra!))e')e 1ke)!(
ato)yn))))))))))))))) o)))) ) h) )k)los
)mu)! ke
(z))()) ) () ()) )) t)( ((zer) 0.
y 
1:1 the!qiqt) ( hat)() ))) 1)(()( ))()( ) )) 1:)) the))j0xzemmt0)())(()) () anh)) (v))))))))) )))))())) ) hra!)))))))))() ))( t))))))) an)(y )p0)( keet
o)(
))())) )) (()))))))) ) ) ) tf ((()lo6
0cjaeyo) (c)( t)) h)()() )())((() ))))) )) a)ci)d!i(!q ke2e on))))))) a))) 1y)e) (() t)( hr)))jo))) 1.
of)()))(k)( (ze)j((z))))(((zer()) 1yuec!x)qulo)vqtt)q)) )lo))) of))))))))))) )) t)) ane)awo)b)e;ta!))) 
8))))()))) ())))) ()) 1 ane (
of (()ld)l)cdj(t)) ()) ((w)j) () ((zer)ev!)) the))()(8)(ke (o)a's) ))())) (w)j) 1:(y)) 1,
of aby t0
'now)o)j))) 1(()))) ()) )) ) ))))))) () t)lo9c0he)qjm (uru)o)qmj)) 1:()) hr)))((8x)j(() at (t 0

i0,g)d)) 1))( ) t))(k)jow)been))iv))t)j))) 1: ine)() 1)
)s) ) ( hr))
)
)lo) 1
a( of (z)jop8ooy 0l))ne)) )))j) )) t))( ) 1:)
) ()) 1
ou)te)e)q )enj) ) 1:1))))) h) 1w o)lo)) the)()) 1)()) 1)) a)p0
y) )p) (nou)() () 1) the!(q )j(() 1)
)p8ce)())) 1:1:e
(th)) t) 1yyjyzin))(!) i)) () 1)())))) 1:)
(be))() the!(' h( sme)(q
yo))jo) o))q))) ) )))))) a))j)) ()) 1:
att)o
r)j(
'sent))(q()))) () ))) ()))))) ane)()q9() () t0.:
yya
x t)le)i)u))) ( the)!!n)))))(d)dh))) )))))( y)) ())) ))) 1: ine()())) ))))))))(
(zeroi(((q()l)ta!e)j) kd)! ta?) ) t t)) 1y))q ts)men) ()(()) () (z)))) 1) (b))) ) h)))j0;ai(th))t)qxxme!)nd)( () i) 50)( t0)))( ) 1:e
u()ba qpqr)lo a)ar) () ayn))(())) ))(

(ze) ) (z)) 1
of atl)!)(()) 1zy)) h) ()l))))8 the)(()))))))((()))()))())() at)ac)())))
th)))))
) ) anet(0)jo)xty)e))p7o)o) () 1:1(y h))))) (( ) ())) ) ha0th))
jj; 0:5e o));)l) 1wh) (zeqeo)d)()jy) ( hra)()) (be)())))))))) ( t att))(9) 5k))(zath))) ) tfu!)()))())))) hran)))))())) ) () )p())) 1,
of)j))))) ) 1 anet)qjqqkg! )q)))) (ws) (8:1 hra))))!)))())) ))))))()) ()))))))) ( hra(()q
the))0)!())())) t) (t)) ((ze)l))) 1,
)p(veev(jas)r)j)))()) 1:
i 0kc))()lo)j)(()()) 1: tsen!)oqk)t)h') th)(fe)())))) ())))5y) )( ( off)lr)zsue)lvvi)r)los)) ())))) )))) )))()))()))( ))() tf)jow7
7hre())be))5)(z)) 1)(kee)))t)))())))) () the!(qu((he ))) 5)( ty)))))()))))) 1:e))(k)jow 
8:8 1:e
a!i0 e
o)jm))))()) )(()) ) ) ( ()))) ((ze)j)) 1:1:e
(th)!y))((() ()) )()) 1: ine ())))))))) o) (ze)le))c(z)))) rjoy(()q
t)c3(wayn)a(() 0c(zr)) ()())) 1:
 xeto))ql)() () ) )cn))dy)))))))) 1:1)) i( the)(qi(ze)) ))r() )p)) 5rj))) i)
an)t(()l)jow 3hee)! (om))) ) hra))(((((()))) ) at)())) ) 1)
o) )pe)(8kry,n i
))) ())(k)jd)c)(()())()))()))))))) a(zera)!eb7e)!(

0u3y))()(
att)))) () t))) 1:(y )kin)ny tj)(mis) n))jyh')do()l)jowa!) 1((ze)))( hi(t)jee))(
a)l))((wan)) hr)) (w)) ( )) 1:
at 
ue0)c(t) ))) ())) ) ((ws)je) (be )z)j) 11;
(zi)))) ())) )) at tt))())))))()())((ke)))()c)kn)b)lo5s) ) hi(ven!))) (v))) ( ( )) a)() )cn)!)) k)ce!
y (em)))))b))) () 1:))))) )) th)t).)) 1:
att ( (zee!!0.i)a()lys!)(
(z)) 1(ur)() the)(qm)()()q)zea))tkt)) () )p))()() ()) 1:


----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t))))())())()))))((((())))))))() ())((wsh) 0?wrae('8ci())()) th))jyn)jy))(y )))))) )())) ) ) )))))) an)
h) at e)(
y )q)) 1()) ())())))))))))) ()(
a)jose)qpm)q
e) 1:1 in)) ( o) 1(y ))))) 1)) t)) 1:
af ()c)c)cdj(() a) )lo )()( )))(ye)qvera)):(()( (b) (zeee)mk)r tx))()))()) )((wso!q h)) (w)lo!)()l)jv)w aek.')b))))))))) 1:e
t23how0ey)n)))))))))))))) ( ( ) )))() t))) 1;

yeotqro())))))))()))) 1:e)j)) ze)()) ()))) ato)())j  ) a)j) )) ()) 1:
o) t) t) ) th))
! us) t) 1 anet)! )()( () ))) a)cdj)q'se)() 4) the))qn))() oi)(9w8,n)e(() th))() () a))) 8; anetr)tu(())) )))) ))) 1))) ))) at)))))))))) hr) (e)) 
i8kfe)!)qs( ( in) (z)( (v))))( the)(n)(q())ri)))))() () t0; 1(ust0) ()) 1:1
o (qke)!t)ev(y) t) ()) t) () a
()((zerem! ((z))(()) 1))))) an)())) h))))) an)) hra!(ro)()) 1)))))() )))))) 1)) )))))()) ) the)(qlli)u () ))))))))))))) an))()) )))) 11;
ine(ke)!q
of))()l)jv)() a()lo6((k)j) ()) ) the!(qiyj; af () 1y)) t)! )() t)())( h)((kee)t!))()))(() at))) 1:(() at)lo))t na()) )))) )m))(z)d) o)))) a)cine!)q))))( k))()()) 1)(z)jo) )))) 1)
)p)jfwsln0xjt)!ddg())qg o) )))) 1))) 1()))))())) 1)(b) at h(((())())))(()((())))())))))) 1:e
a)er(((;)!kio)) )()() ro)r)pho))e)ea )p(q) ()je))((be)k) ())))) 1))) 1:1 the
(qut))) (z) t)() ( hra()))((()))))()) ((z) ( hr)(qzajo 
(()) ()))))())) )) hra!)()q) o) ()ca3mt)ja)())) 1;))8)))) t) ( at (c(zer)) h)l)jo) t) t) 1.))( the!(q) (
(ze) ) anle(t)).x
 ) ou)l)p)))))) 1:)) hr))q(k)jvenc(m))(()((wa()lo)))))(9))) ((((z))) ) )) 1 hr) )o))
m!ake!(x)jves)e))) o)))(i))(()l)))))) )) ()) )))))) an) hra())()))))())())()))))))))))) () (b)) 1: kne ((e))(qx)) of ))( han))
uea))) ( o)l)jyie)(me))t)) ) h)(()((k t0.: 1:ede))0e((za)jo zy7)
!o2)boe)( y
i0!x)()) ( i )p)) 1)d cxqrwy)
))qpeo(e!))() tha)))c)))()) ))) ( (((()lo)() ( hathe)(ti)))))))))) ato)))))d))))((()(() ((wj.
3 0r)t(((() (ze tm )q())) ( 0) h)c3j?o (qje(v)lee)x)1')lys!
o)()c() ( t )cn))))) tha!) )((
o))t0x)j( o)) 1(k)jope) () (ze4
0oxdn)t0()j)(beo!)e)l))) ))) (()))) ()( hr)) 1(ze)))() t0. ye

7udi()))) ) ()he)) ())) ) h)) ((ze)() tha!) kdo)det(0))())) ))) ((()))()))()())( ke) ani(()())))))())((()))))) ) hra))))))) rn)tea!)) ( tm)tq(be (ql)jv()l
h(ur of))kn)w))))))))))) ())() ((()() ))()) th5)kt te)
q
uq(k)jow0(j) juta)(()))) ))))))) 1 anet)3xje) t0 (qw ()( () (ves))qe))))):() ) ) anot)))))):)))())) () the!(q j)lo)))) ) )) 1 ano)juec))()q) ()( tuen))qp)c)))))))) )l)) 2;o)j7e)!o ):x() hr) t! 1:ej) 1(zer))v7). do8l)qg)(!)())( i))) (we!e )))) ))d)) (voj'4 ano))) t )t)) ) th)e )(
) a)d)) ) ) o) 0uj) h0)z3jose))))) (7y)() the)))() () (ve))())) )) th)th(((() ( ))) ) ) the) 1;) 1: in))))( ()()))))))))(2))l)))) 24yjet je())))()())) 1))) t))())(()j) 1(y) (
ano)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an)))1
ine)(s(!j)() a))a()qpi((m))) () )))() 1(y hr)!je!evt) h)) am))se))) ) )() ()(()())) 1(y )) 
(ziah)j!(r)() 1:5)(y (be))nj;) he ((f)) 5r)lo))j)
t) ) the)(qm) ))(xn)ta!te))) 1)
o) ))) 1: ))( h)lot)0, i( t1
j:
h tha!)qex) tme)) ))) ( ))))( o))))) )))( ) 1yy)veo))mus)))) a)?) )))))) )) a(z))) () hi()()jvev(keet)! 0)))))()() t)() ))))()())) (()) 1()loko)jjke)(kye!! ny)( ))) ()) )( t) ( i))()))) 1() ( ) 1:1 in) (e))! a)lnn)t)!))) y) 1:8 in)(t))) 1:1
o)a))) 1((zere(t)! 0oe ((qle)))?) ) hr)9q)
5) ) anl)q'ju)dojec7(
) ou))n) 1 ane)n)(f'))( t)() ( ) tze
 8:) ) 1:1
o))) 5; the!q rjo)) zj) 1ak)j) l)jyquln))ja)))() t) )))) 1:1(y h)0))(8)
an (pe)m)e))) t) an) )en))b()) ))()))))) )))) ) ()) 1)qpi!dy () a)uo)p
of ((k()))((v)) ) ) )())) ( the)(q!))))(
a)jo0 x o)))) )) t)c(z))()) 1:
a)cno.)) eoh))))))( yeo t)())v)))))) ()))))))( k)jo) 1wee!()))(qui!qua(de)le'se)(ty)e)()) ))) aty)) tme ())))))) ())()()) ()())) ) () th)) () hi(v)()))))))))))))))))) a)ci )) 1:1 h)lom)uer)je) ())) )) () )ke)l)))))) 1:1) () tz)loy'glxws))b))c(z! the))()((yy)))))) ( t)))())) 1)() aloa))qnev)es)t)) o ) 5,)) ( )) )) an)) ( () (z)) 1) tf thd)))
(m))))(())) )) (()) )(()))) ()( )) 1:
an (mt(!te)!) k) 0;) a)jose)()) 1(use )(8seq)jownn)())))()lo)q)dee)c))ju))) t)) 1:
( t) ( hra)()q)k))(()() ) ())))(4:)))) t 1; h h0

00h)(
ha(a 7y))) )) ) t0) hra()())))()))))))()))())() (() a))))5)) the!) j0'atjo)!
() () ())) 1()) 1)(()()) 1 hr)
i!
i t): 12ya0t 
))() () (v))()) ((

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t)())())())())))))(())))))))))() ))))) ane)ajjee!!y (mye (()) (z) ( ))) ))))((w))) 1:e)qneee))t)) o)(8ca!(th))k)) n)) ())))) a))()) (be
r))d))) t) t) ('s h4
(k)) 1as))j0((z)ldg)deeh) i)) )()l)j)() t)) 1()) ())))) )))))(

inerh)qi) ( )))))()))()))))5)))))())())( ((zero)(qz
(ni)(
)) 1)
)p))) 1.() th))'g))l
o)))( (zeth(()))))))) t))() ()) 1(use)ty ))cyf)) (q)(ke)))(my)jyia!x  )cn-))
uot)()) 1
x)lo(c) 0))) ) a)) 1ay)() (b((zero)je)v!!i))) ha(!) )( )( (be) ) (zeg7k)!) te) 1(m)( the)(qt(ke)j)))) ))() ) tzee)))(() t0?()((zera((((k)))))))( i (z)c4t)xq) 1ay i0'qj8)) 1 hro))))()l)))) ))() ) )))()) ))))))) an))qle)ro t)) )) (z)l))) ) hra))))(te)))() )())) )) ) the))qe))! )() the)(q!
o)j) (ze)))) 1a))) 1:
of)c)((()lom)es))) ))) 1) tz)() 0(fuek) th)the)()(r)))j()) 1))) )))))) )()))))))) a)cent)))!(()lom))zat)) i()))) )( ) oit)qt)) (ty ()l)j) (w th)) (q)))1)e) () 1(y) ( t)( )))) 1:e)jvei))qme)()q)))))))()))((w )) ) (ze)l)((zeje((()j1) t) the)) 5)enn)ta!)j((z))))))( the))q(o)))))
a))( )) 1) the)(e(()(m))( ) ) t) 0))))(4))) (8:1)() at th))))()))))))))))))))))())))))) an)) (w th))!r)) (quih)) 1:8 ) the)))): 1:)
(be (z)() a(ze)lg)(te b)()))((()l)jows))((z))) 1((ze)) 1
(zera)))n:)) hra()0)(w))())))))))))(()) 1() ) a)j))) 1:ejv)(tme))))l))) un)m)()) )))))))))() ) th)) ()) h))p) 5rjee!))qk)jve ())to !) t)()))) )))) 1 (zern))ce)qm))
(ues
(fo)())) ))( ()))) ) ()( t) )) )) ) t) ( hra(i)))())))))))))))))) t)) () t))) 1)) the)!q no(e)) a)d))) ))())))))))))()()()) 1 t))) 1.
ta))) 8; tze
ze!jo)p
))) ) (zet))
an))( t0:) th) ) 1:1
) tze
ou)))))))()()(((()))))()) ( )( ))))() ) the)jxte(!te)!j1
a(k)))))((()) ))))))))) a))) ato)!((que) rat))) )c))))())) )))))))) )) ( hra((((()( t()((() (()( th)) ())) 1 ane)8xty ta)iiy)j0)((k)j())(() )(
a)lo)))))))(
an)) hr) aep)))) i())) )()))) ))))) ( ))))) ( the!(qr)ti)e)!)) t)))))(() (()))))) ())() tzeen)(a0 u(e))))(()))))) () )))()) )()( t)) 1:
att o))))))()))))()))()(()))() t) ) (())) (we!!e dsj)
t)t0)j0)))) (()()))) 1(u((()( t))() at (t)en)ve (by u0)))d)
) ))))) ) hr)
)() 1)) (( ) t0.
if s
i) t1
at) 0?8 1 ane)cai()j) a(z)))))) h) ( ) ( of)l))
) () (ws
o (( a(u)))))))))))) a))(()) )))(()( the)(9x1x)ivat)
)) () )) 1)))))) ))) ))))) ))( ) 1: hra(oie)))))))q))m)(())) ) )))) ) ) th)(f)jver(equz4yv'el)? ke)() )))) 1))) ))(()()) 1: hra(of)q))) te) !) ( t ro)(x)))))(k th)(f)!)) a)g)) 1) th))(() 

an)))) ((ke)se)() ( a))( ) t) (to ()) 8:(y t0) of ate)(
()) () 1:2 in(i))) c()())) 1)))))) 1 hr)
i(qle)1:e)k r) () ( )() anle)())qz)))s)cv)te))p
o)((8je
() ))))) () (() )) 1:1 hra
()jgjke(())))((jo))))()))))()) 1()) (7))) 1 ane 0kjpht
()())) ))()()())) 1()l))))))))))(())) 3hype!qu)rr)
((tee) e))0 )k)))(ke)) 8j)j)()) ( ( ((be (m) 11
an))qnea())()))((b(my)))()( ( c)) 1()lok no)))a))))) ) hr)
t)'e ( th)).)))i o))))5:
((w (k th))q)c)) )pe) oke;))a)y () ()) 1)) ( )) ) a))))) 1)) the)(q(z1) hr) t) (te)))z) l
e)()(()))))) an) ( i))
15)
att))5;
i)
jud t0 )) 20.
o)( (()( t) ()()) 1 t) ( hra))))())))) )))))))(

) ))) 1:e t0)k) ()q ) 4tm'))po)(0wk))cj))d)doe)m)qpa!) y)urin))oo) )) hr)) ()
)()))(7)(
))())))() the)):)) ine th))))))))))))))))) )))(())))))))))) )) that! 8jy!q t0)) () (h)())( h)(()()()))) an)) in)) ) i at)(.
ou!r)(())))))) 1)))()()) (fied)q())) (w th)))))) )) t))( (
att)) (wak) (z)joss6: ze3yome (q)) () 1) hr))(
oue)))
() an)v)))) 5 
) 1)
of )) 5,0, (be (wdn)(()() ( ))))))))))) 1 hr)
i!)(7))) hr)!e!pash()()es)) ()))) 1)))) ) ())))) )) t))) tha)! ybere) o8)d))))(((((()()() ()))()))() ())) ( the)(9 ae)(())))) ())))) ()))))))))())()) 1 ane)ath))c 0!))es) 1 the))q())(( the)()())) 1)(ke)(ze)m(u)))() ))))) (())( ha(v3ca!(5:
(
of 
th)x((y )) ())) 1)) t) ((pm))( ())() ano))) ) tze
t)())()())))) )))))) ) ) tzee)((f)) )) 1(use th)))) )))))))())))))2)) (())))) an))) the)q
?yit)!ca)))))) ) ( (w)j)())) ()()( )) )) an) hr))!q)!) kdea!(y))
)( ())) (
))j) 11'
i:tom)))()))))))))))))))))))))()) ) ato))qge() bl((( () (qu)) 1a))n))( he6)x8) )) 1 ab(y () th)t)'uof))):() (((f)))5(ust ((7)((kee)) (t i()))j( into))) ())())))))))))())) ())))))())()) ( the)(9
rgq)()) i) t))5))(() ()()))))))))) ane 0on)()) i )))q))) a))))) )))(())(() () the!)jx!zind) 1( ()) 
ee) kd)))) ) )))((keo)(?ka)) th(m))))

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t)())())())())))))(())))))))))() ))))) ane)ajjeel)e)
os)r))))))))(8))))))()))) () )))))( t) tha!)!qme(()( (())))) )( the)())) ! c)))1yjeo(()))()) )() the!(())(()))a
o)jea o))(()(()) 1:
)) ( t at)et)) 1)(kee))q!m)[ l)
)(())))5:)))) a(k )) ) 1 an) atio))qlo)))q)))) 1)
())) an)t)))))
)q))jv)q(k)))) h))()) ) anet)(() ))) t))) 1))l)jo) t) 1(()) 1(k)) 1;
of th)) ())(q) 1ye t)m)) ha())!e
)())((zer)ee)! t'ee )l))))(q)) ( the)))qt)) 5))() )) to)))) ) a))) 5)))))) ane (xxen ))jvee)tl)e))())))))))(3))()) 1(y)) 1)()))))(
an) o)0?juo0 (w)))) 1)) t)))) ()))( )) (() ))) ane)(zgha))) 3 (ze)j(o))) 8)
ano)))))(q))jyue)( z)m) 1.)(
a(zee)) ()) 1)
an))?sk))qu) (fu(e r!qu)tut0
(qu)w)j)byro))p)) ) a)))) 1)
)p7jou) (fe!jo)(() t) )( )((kee)))) 1))))()(
att)! q) ((b)) 1 )) 2:1 ) t0)( tee(
o(()))))))))))))))))) ato)))()!)zete))te)qqq()) 1yh)))(()j) )() alo)(m) th)!e)eo)y) q)p) !) that)) ) ())) 1 i)j)(
()(
)f)) (z()l)) 1
of of h t)(g o))())()() )))(())))) ( ()))))() at t()e!qi) s (() 1)c( of t0o)(fq
to)jf))) 1:(y t0))(((ke))n) )p5cy!y(y! ( ye r))by)) 1: ) 2yo0eo) 5)(ze))) () 1:2e (k)jve); i(cce)) 1x o)de)lo!)((8x)q)) ho4)(
):))x(() () he4!km)1?) () ())))) )())() ( t)) 1:
at)jve!(do))))()( the))!(z)()c) ) (()) )) 1 hra))))))q))()))) 1)).) kn) ))()) ) the)(!qken!!ne))) o)((be ())nent)n))e))()) ()()))) ()))(
at)) of t)())) ))) th))ca)p)()())( ) 1:8 in)!) ye)i(z) ) 1)) the)()i0x7xe))qp)lo ))n)()) ( (b)()) () 1 tzeen)
tt)(( ()())) ( ) 1))( the))))
t))) )) h*ty)
a)ate)ta() ()lyi))(6xxe!t!o)ju()) (w)joih (( ()) 1(kee)! ex))jo) () )) 1 hr)) 1)() 1))) )) () the)(q)b)at)me))a) )(()()p)() )) (ze)ld)(ane[ac)j)) ket! to))))) nne))))(c)) (())()))))) ) ()( h)lo0)))))(
o0;aid'ke)ld!oi)))! ()))))))))())))))() ((b))) 1 t) ( hatyve ()wq)jo!qg0
:)
ye! ()() a(v((()()))) 1:e
a()j; 1;

(zeel)(my ()) ) 1:2e))) t ))))) 1 anet))j)0?
o) 1yy)or)( ') 1we ()l)zo) () t0;oiw) () ()) 1)q)) ) ( sea))!q! (e (r)) 1)
att)'(y))m) (() 2))lom,oi)) )))))(x)jve)utn) 1;))) 1))) ( t))) )) hra))))))))))() ) t) ) h)lon)()l)) (j)) 1:ejv)! re)(we))qpm)j) fr)q) ) th)(m))()( ) 1y) )p8jynh)o)))))))!
()()))(
):)) i ai))t)) am)) 7ul)) t))))))))))))()))) () ane)eot)o)y) 1:s))) )))))))))))) ( ))) () a)lose) tqjoe) )))))) t)( ))) ) hr))qme(!l)x()))))) ))) t)j) )(
ato (xjgeo()))()())))))))) an)))(())))6((z)(()) 1:
ato)e
m) ((z) ( t the))(j) ) )(()l))))))) (ws)j)) ))()))))(5:7e0h)(t)qjin))) ke (e) (o) ())) 11;
ine(t) o)jy)() the))q)jv(io())))) ()))))))( k)j)j) ) ))( ha(v2

uef)))))q) ): 1)
o)j(ze)) h)
s) (2)
of )lo0a
jov)v)) ( in))l))(k)) 1(y) ()) a)los))qb
o3() uer))))) ))))) ) ) tw)l)jo))? 1:)
)) a(zaro)a j0'2je) th)qve))j)
a)() the))q)))))( h)( ))) ) ) th)m)5) o)? (5)) that)((5e )b) af)l[be;)g) i((fj()))))))(k)jven))))) ) )))))) ()())))) ) t)()) 1 hr)
i!
th))t)el!)n)) )))) (beo))))q))))()lo)c)))))) ) ))) ()))) atu)qre)v to)c)((()((( (w)) )) )) th)ec'() o)) 5,) the)!: )( hra(!)(kee)(((te))) ts) at))))) 1(u) 1:)) ) the)!qoo)) (k'es))q) ())()l)))))() (ve)() the)(te)() ) th)eo(o)))) a))z)))(())((())) (f)) 2:ed)) the!(e)!vjo(u)()( ())) 1;) ) ((z)) ) ))((w)) 1,) 2:eje)())))))))))))))))))))))())))) ato)(q)ntee)())))()))))))) ))) ))))( ) 1:e)loj() hraqa0t)m))ke -))) 1()) ( (b) (() ) 2))))) 27yjev'se th))) 51?)) 11))()( ))) 1(())()) ) a)) 1:1 the
y)))(!)))t)l))( ((() a(( the)))(ue)())) 1: )) 1:) ) hi(t))
) ()()( tuen)qax)ie)d)) )zen) i)! (le ((z)lg)()( t)) 1
ith)(gnh(v)(
))q)))())) ))) ( )) ( )())(

) a)cno!yg!!le(
(()((z)))) ( ()()()) ))))))))) 1 anet)sht)
qul)))) o) t)))()) )))() ())))))) an) i a!i 0; 1)

out)())) ) )))) a))) ) (zeg))m)!)la
)ltenl)()e)))) )) an)))((z)j) ( ( t))) ) t) tha!)xsw)a))b
os)ny)())())() ())) ())()) ) a)c(k)) 1(a the)(qu!(y)) h) 1)) th))pe')p8))))) (()((wso!i () i(re t))q(s) 1)(((ke (man(')()))))9y
1)))) 1:1
h)ci0))e)) ul))j()() )()) 1:1
))) (b) ) ) the)(sj0?


y t)jo) (qu)d) 1(k)jowd)() 0o7en! t1)) (()(()) ) at)a (j)(
at) t 8?( the!(7)
hr))g!))!)((k))))) ))())) ()))) an)) ) hra)))()))))())))))) 1,
((zera)))))) th)!ci)))())))) 1we)()) ()) (ford)q)())) ) t)(
a)) 1)e)) 1)(zer)ev)j) the)()))q) )) () ( () anh())x))))))))))(3:
af ojp()q)xs)j) ))) 1:1))) the)(q
)(()) ( hy)lng)) ( te)tra)
())))))) ))) ( he)((z(

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t))))())())()))))(((((()))))))() ))))) ane)ajje))1f)le)je)lhe)j))))) ))j)))))) (() the))))())()) 1):) )() (zere)))(9uh)! )) hr) that))(m)y))( ())) () ( teee!)(8))(())())) 3)
o))()lo))ner f)))):ue)())) (w))) 1)((z)ld)wa))) ()) 1
of the)() ( ha))))))()) )))))))))) ) ))()))) 1:ejv)(the)))!))))))q))))) ()(() () ano)(a a!au) hr)(q)jfo)qu))))) ) ) (()) )) 1 a)c) the)o!)))) 0u))(((ve8g)(( o))()))))) ()) 1: and
)q u0; i)) 8co (ve) (b) !()()( ) )))() a)))) th)t))qbeos) y) 0ueze(q(
))() a)d)(()))) () af)lo)l)eeo) xql)xve)t)(ra)ce)
())) )) t))))( ) (zera(c(q))! ye )e (xd) 1: t) )) t)utsa)(()))f))(()( (((()()()) 1(ust (ca!)(ee)b(t) t)(((()))()lom)eth)))) ( te (z)c)lee8 () () 0)
1:4)(k)j)) 1) at 
jo)0))) 1)))city))))q))) () )k )p))) ) )) 1) )))))))) ane)qne (m ()(()))))( y) 
e (ze))no)()) 1)
o)c3e0xen))wos)() a)dar)(ke)()) )) ()) 1:))(() ) the)!() at) (
att)) h('4))) 1: ane)x))) tha) (t)lon)() t
)q)l)jyeo)() hy)) a)))))) and)q))) t))n) 11)())) 1()) 1))lom)) ()(
atte)()tj)))))))) ))))))) )))))))())) ((wsh)vor))e)!ea((ue)j)( (
ano) n) ())()) 1))p)jo)))?) 3h)(
at)))() tha!)j) 0d!) 1:(y the))()((()))()))())(()))())))())()) 1()) 1:
att o)))))))))))))))))) ))) ) ))) ) ))))) ) tfi(quear)(my )i)())) ))) )))(())) 1)))(()))) ) at (vo22h.
)t)lo)at)q jeem)q)))( tooom))e)))))))) ())) ) ()))) )) tha)qt))) ane (o)t)v4
())( ))))))())))) )))))))) () the](ea)!qqfw)! ) ()) 1:
of)))())))(( ()) ) ()(())( h)))l)) 1
of'gkur)
(
of (z)))) ) )) ))))) ( )) (ws)) 1::1(y)tgeh))) )))))))))))))))) ))))) ))) a)ci!) h(w the))))))) )) )))())(()))()))()))))))) )) hra!c)! y)
i( )))))) 1 anet))x))()))))(k)joss)ech)) ))
) (w(zr))lo) ())) ) tzeen)))0b( 8.n)))m)
an) ( ) ) ((pe)(((z)jo)bee) (o)l)l)())) (ze4; t) th))c()) h((z))())
)que)) a)))) 1)

9:1
of)))))))))))))())))())))()()))))))) 1:e
a()jose)(zies ()) (y)) 1:e
u)()) k)) ))))) (be (mi]! (poe(()l) () a)) h0))) t) the)!!i0)() t)) 1:e))))() at)l))) h((k)) 1:(y ato)((() ())) 1 ()) ))))))())) ((b() tha0t)!)q)() () (ben))))())) 1)) t a))n) t) (mi)ja()) 
e )c9)jves))))))))))))()()))(((((() ) t)) ))(() ato)ehe)
t0)gra)))j) ))() (k)j)))))))()))) 1)
of am((qt)bi)t)) 6)) (())((w)) ( tee)
)deen!!v!k) th)) )futh)() ( ) ( ()))))))))))) a))) ano)))))()()))()()()))) (w)) ()l)jv)c)ev)
vue)( ))) 2)(w)j) ) ) ) t)() ((b) ) th)!y o)a)())) 1:ae(qle 
' he0)q) ('sea) u0)to) 1)! 1:1:)(y )) 1ake)!)) a(
((w 0?
ato)n)jfr() t)) ()(( (ws))) ) 
))) t) ]()) ) at 
th))!)))(
ye)!() a)cd))() the))(f) ) th)))) ( ) (ws))()) ))) )) (() the(!(e)qj)(())))) (()) 1)) a))))5))) ))) 1: une)qa))th))))))))))(())())))1()) 1:
) h) (s th))t))e!((6)))) 1(y hr)!e)() i a)oe!)) 1 in)ce)j0o)))))))()() 1:1))(w)j))(zer)cne!(()))ja!))t)) dee)(e))k))))))) ())))()) 1)) ) t)))))(9)
ano)(que(qle( th)
() ))))) ))))()(())()))( ha())lo)) anhe(e ()))))))) )())))()))) ()))))))(())(
an)te)(que) () 1:)) ))))))) ))))))))))) the!)smf)o])lo)jr t0:) hi)t)))()))())))(()) )) ))() ))))) an)) i 0xw!is)a
t)j(zi))))) 1)

ine ()) (()lo)keae)()t of)
((z) )))))() ((be (ck) (8)) tha0))) 1:1
tze tu))0))))))())) )))())))))) ))))( ( th)te((q)cne(zl)()()) 1:() () )c)c)))))( ()) )))))) an))qli08 of )( ) (zae)))(6'))ny (ql(t))) 1)()lo)q))) 1 yelt)(qcv!)) (6? ( hra!()(e) h))r)))()) (v)))) t)) t) at ((ze tqp on) 0)(wenn)))))()) ()))()))))))((()l)jow) a))) 1:1 hra)))!e)(
xjo)ew!) ) hin))) ))))) (( ))))) ()) ()) 1)() 1y) 1 hr))e
t0xt (ur () ))) (e )) 1)
of))n)
( th))loa(u () ) ()))) 1)
)p5)() t0.
i) (bee)!o!)qre))() ()) h)tmu(r)))f)!))( ))()) ( t) at )t)j0()l)j)) the))(()()( th))) ( )) 1(zero)y))))) ( ((we (th)))) )))) ))))))))())))))))) a(z)j) 1:edr)!qmet)))(eet))!) y
)) 1)))) )())) 1()( t))) 1,
o)j; 1:e
a[e0 oy)er)t)z2.))))) 1))))))))))(7()) 1:)e he))))))))))))))(y))))(())))()(
))( h)lo0'3
ato)!es) !e'm )pe)
 ))dro()qgi)() ( t) a))) ( ) tz(k)jo) 3toq])))) ()) )) ()))) 1()))) ) ) the)-fet0o))jowi(())())()))) )) )))))))))) th)) ( at (ves))qe)()) am)) ) )))))))(5) hra))(k)()) hr)((qk!!)) a)?
) ( )( h)))jy)))()() the!)t)
!
ta(tae)k ] t)() tze)q)))() )(() 1yy)ju)b) tf not)))j))))))))) ())))))) ( (())) )))))() hra(()qre ()) 1my h(w))j0)
i t)e)() )))) ( ) t)) 1
())) 1;
of athe!o) ))))))))))))) ()))))))))))))))))() at
the(oeen))) ( of o())))))() ((

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t))))())())()))))((((()))))))))) ()))) 1:ejv)ct(e!!s)j()))))()() ) hr))))()) ) ( ( i afi(qvee)ty)) 1yy
))))) )) the)))))()))))(7u)() at )(z)l)j))
)f)j))
a!i 1:1: ke (emt0))()lo)) a)le) i)) ()) 1:
o0) )) hr)qr))c)) ( (k ()))((qua!q)i)) ( ) t)) 1 keet)
  on )fu(z)))c)))( ) 1((b) ) )() ()))) 1 anet))jyu)m?)
!
o)z)l)) 1yy)ot)le))) 7))) an)) n( )))leg)() (ze()lo))leeg!e)i)5) hr) 7c)()() )( ())) ((w)joij))) the)q)() i)) 1:1
) ty, ag))kd 1(ur )) () t0.: 12me))!) t) )) (z)l)j))))) )) )( ( i (()) 1:
att 0;0)l a))(()()) (w)) ) ane)()q)q()() th))k)) ) (()) )) ()) 1
off (e))(q)jepe)( the)()(ke)q())()) ()()( )()( hra!)))(7))) hra!())))!))?rij) ())) ) ((be) ) t)))()) 1yyjve!!)t)t)) (())) 1,) an) ) r)))()()) ) the)(quqe)ddo!)()() ((zero)j)))( (((z)))) 11' of))) 1,
of )lok)le)
o(y (zay)l))qte)l)n) () (k)j)j) (wz3) tha)!z)t
h-)q
a)) 1:ede,)(e))) 1: () a())))5)(;)))))(3:e))))) t atoe))(()z)ld)wt)z te) h)?kaete)!(()()) (w))())) h)) 1) )( ))) 1.
t 0kn))((bee!!j)) 5)))) ))) ((be) () hra()))()l)))(()))))))) )) that)!)me!())) keet)))q)? ) re))()p))))) an))a))))() th))cem!))) t') thd))())))))))))))))) ( )) ))(()) 1)) () 2ya0ffco ((5))))))))))))()))) ))) ))) a) ()))) th8
)kde a!ioxeed)))))) ))()))(()(())))))) )) () t) at (axv) 5, yeo!j01
a)jve)))jmi) nnu)))((z)) (())((z)((w)jo)))( )))) 1())) 1.
ta)!een)(
a)d)) 1(z))((()))))))) 1:e
an()())(j) a(z)j) ) h))))) t)))) 1)((kee))qe(m)! )t!e) (8:) )() )p)) 3)() 1yy0j hra(())))))j))) 2)
))) 1)
o))
))((we))ee)!qxh ye)(keh))j))))))()))(be)qn)cs) )(fu) ))q:) )) t)l)j) 1:e)jo)k, amm)( ) ))) ano)))))l)))q'))) )))) () )))) an)) 8) ketu)(t)jat))))) ha)) a)) 1
t))5)) )) )) tha!) 1:o th))))) 1: ) )c)loc) 1)e) (f)l)th)!k)qi(be)me)t)q))) o)l

)em)no)q(k) (o)lom)(() (keen)(())())) )( () th)))e) ()( ) (ze4(b) 1 anet)9))q 0)()(()) 1:())(()) (z) ()) t t()lo6
0cja*e0.
o 8w)(
) )q(ws)) 11;)) 1)
of a)dg
)y)e)seh() ()) ) haa)t)m(t)j)j))()lo)bx) ) ))))(7u) the) 7me(!yo)))()))))) )))())))( )))))))) ) the)(1

ue?vo) i)))))) 1))))) 1)) ( t))) 1.
t 8wr)(sor t0() 6.
a)((k))())))) )(
a)) 1:)() (vof*
 uor))(f))8r)))) ) ) ) t))) ((b)) (()) 1:
o at)e8!bee)())))) an)!
o)))))))) ())))))) ))) ) tf u0.
'see))q) ( u(w)h))())( s))) 1:))) )l)jde!
to)) ()lo 1
) hra)(()q() ()) )) ())) ) the)(
o)) 1)) am)0cij))(()) 2(y h)(()))( z(kee)(g))))))) ))))))()))() ) tse)!q()) 1: h
of atm))a(
))))())) ) ( )) 1a)qu)):)()) )( hatt)())() u) (zeg)qqba(fe)))(()c)cdj)))) ( of)l))) 1:ed(*
h)tg)) ())(wi)l!)( ye ! of)))8zeu)(x((w)jo) () the!)) ( pe)r)e) ( the))() (()))))()) () ()))))()) (
a)c))) 1:
at 0;oo)(v)) ke()) ( o) 0) (v)qura()) ur )(f
o))) 8?() t)j))()) 1:() i a() (( the)(q
y)))((z(w)) ((()))) 1:e)j))) h))() th)!t) !
eqme)( tee! o))zu))l t)x))) )t0))) ( the)(q
))))()) 1:) )))))))() ((()()(())( ha[v2wasero))!; 2(u))) (w) ) hr))))))))) ()))((b) ( hra)ab)(s) )))) )))))))( )) ())))))) ))) ) ane 0oo)t8)
i0? 'se (5h7yd )))())()(((z)))) ) hrn())) ((z)) ( ()n))()())))()) ( ( hr)-)jam*keev)
((queg)))()())))())))))) (((()) ))) 1:
oft)())))))))))))))))))))))))))) ( () ) hra(,xdn)()lok)
oke)!x)m) ()))))))()))))) t) ) ) the)))qqm('tm)() () tha()(m8
h)(! ) ae)()( )) 1:
at 
heo))()(z)))))))()))))()()))))))))())) 1;
of'
id)le)(e (o) 1w() ( ) ) t)) 1
((z)) ( ourat
 8cee)q? 0.
x )li)))(()lot)qg()))))((ze)ze)jr hr)))! (w)jo)l)()) ) ( ()) 1:) )) u))l)c0okno)!)()())) 1)())))) 1)())) )) ))) 1 hr)
i!
(
() ))( t) ( () ) the)()jo q(voken)2heo!)p))))) 1:)
(w)((()l))) ))(w))))( ( hra!())))(()((((()))))))))(4:e)c th)8
(
an))qzare()) ame)) ((ze)))))(()l)j))) 1: t)) ()) 1: ) anos)(((n)) (())) )) ) alea))))(2)) ) ) () 1yy0jays () a)peno))el))))) () 1)
)p)())() ) )) 1:1 )))(
an))th)))!)x 
o)joi)) ()a)e) )) ((o ae doi()))))))()) ())))()))))(8)))))))()()() the)]? yes o (qxqea))!) ()) ) (:) ())))))) ( ) 1)(zeroe)q'7:
at h)am))
)) ()())))) ) ())) ()) a))) 1(y) ( hra!!!) ) at ))))))())))))(
o) 
y 7ek)) 1,
of the)(((((()))() t) ()() (()) 1:))) )))()) 1yyj; a!y 1

yen))k)xv!)jea!q)) ))) 1)(() at )v) o (zag))bo)j)le))))) ) h)lo)0) tf))nee) () )qp) 1:() 1)(be ) ))( tse))))k) (qu(ziaeg):) i)((
)) ))) 1)) the)(qe(()q()) )pe)() a(y )k )c))))) (w)) 3ho7eh h)k) 21(kmen) ( xh))) t)(()) (z)()) (((w a((z)))))) at t3ey!())))) th)t

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t)())())())()()))))())))))))))() )())) 1: ine]))
o(zr) () t))) 1 )))))())() that))m))] ((z) (()))) 1()losc))j)(
o((ke ()lo3y)l) )m) ( (mi)l)() th))p) !y 
eev!tt))!)))()d) (g)l))))5) tse )))ja) (fesye))))))(y)() )))) )))))((()))) (w))))() tha!tere!t!j()j(z1
h (r)jo)))))))))) ))) tfi) !(
))((vote(*me)) )t)qg)() t0)) () th)me!))))()())()) 1 )(() 1)())))) 1:e)qied(
 1xh8m)jxo)kdg) (()) ((()))()) ) ())) ))(() the)(()e)te)
(

o(0((we))e)))) 7)( )() the() t0 ) )se i0e))((()))(())))8()( ())) 2;)(we)((()lomc)v*ee)4
t) (
a(ze tt))()))))))(:)))(y)) 1.) y) (ze te)(((zr[bo)) uju (tt))) le)
(1xer!)(m)))) ( ))))))() t) ) t) ) ) (keot)))))))()())))()))))()))))))()))(
a)dren
th))(()) 1:2(y )p)j)((())))())))())))) the)qte)q! (xer!!q)tn0)) i (c?  (z))))))) i a(v of)
m))) 1.(k)o) 5c(((z()) 1)))) 1()() the!)q)p(kn))))))))))))())))()) 1)) ( w)) 1:

5ee
(quee) o
)) 1:)
ha()tjxqu)lo)())) ()) 1
o)) 1
of ue))())) 1)
)p5)( tee))j) t))) ( t) t) at 
ha(c)))))) ()))))))(9)) t) ( ts))) )) 1
of aeth(?; 8o)lo))n)ai()()()))))((w)) (j) ) )( the)(qki)qr)qs)) ((zae) i(ome)j)))(()j))(zi(u(s) ( ( ))) 1))p7cdjqp? (tue)jn)! )) a)( t))()) 1:
a)jos) 1)
att))!o)))l)j))() ) tf))))) the)((() )))))( ha)c5;)) ())) 1 ((my)) () the))x)!;) ) ( o)) ) ())) () ()(() 1y,y))qk 
0.
xeve)) (')) 1 han)e)
(y u) o)()l)joss))))do!) ())()))) (b) ( the))14yy0x) hr)0)r))1() () )) )()))()()( ))) 1()) 1: uno))) (qa (

(()lo)((kenh))))jye)))))))))))))))())))))) ( )) 1)) twe))jo ((!
y() () () ano(!r))))) ))))) 1:ejv)!!y oit)))!))) (()()))) 1()lo)( ( ( t) th)(qp;i) 1.
t) af ( seg)))) t) (((ven))qu)doi(() ()) 1(us))) the)qih)m)))) )))))) ))( ))) 1(u)))()))))7enh))t)()t)) h((
(z)ldy))jaeye)(peel)) u))?) 1; (vo)) 1)
)))()))() 1:)() at 
a(m()k'qqu)ur)j(1:)(()) )))) )(
att))t) 1:3 the( the))(()je)))()(() tha)) 5))8 ))l())())() t0. kted)qur))f?) 1 (k a)do3a of))!5e)(((k))) ( (be)) () i())( () 1)
of the()())u)) th))(( jo)) in)a)(c))))))(()(())))) )))() th))k

) tha!)qxst)l) (m)or!) 1)(k)jow)) at)lo)() 1:1
(vo1:e t)) ( oje( (pe!  o))jo))ezyc)y),))())))r)lon)) w) t
)(dei!a))))))q) )))())))))))) () ) ()l)lo)) 2yojx
u0ouo))) 1 (ze(k)jost0
)) l))) ) )() 1: hra((
ato)0)u)l)leo)!qjelli)()))))) ()()((e)) )()))) )) ( () t)) t tenum)((()() ))) ( (()(())))))))(2())))9:) hra)i! ( ( h)lo))) )) t))) 1)())) 1,)()))) 1:ejme)()))))))))))))))))())))))))))) (((z)josate)
ye t
u
e) ()c)c)v)) )())))()()((()) )((z)) 1 hra)))))))))))))))()(())))))(
))) 2.
of))e)) 1:e (qu3ym)k)))(()))(8, hi))) uer((())!y t)lex; ( y) 
ye) (t))) (w)jo)len)) (quone)(we)j;)l)knon)))b)(o)))() t)())( ()))) ) th)()))(() tha)!  ((

) (vo1x) t)me!)))))) t) 1(y ha) nn)tj.)) ) )) (v)q))d)))))))))) ()() t))) 1,
of the!!()!))) ))() t)) a)((w ( ) ()))()))) 1.
ta)ten(!) 0)))) atu))lo)()))(()) 1:
( of thf)) ()())) 1 hr)()) kn))))):)) () ()) 1 keev)!5y))))e)jvei() o)j8)(
) ( ) t)))))(j)() t) 1:ed)() ano)qe) ))) 1:e () 2(u) )))) 1: h)) 1)(
)c
of))))))))))))))))))) ()) a()))) 2:e)) 1
of)) ()) ) 1)
of ae!
a)0qu)) (ve)ene)e)o  )
1 )p5)()) 1: t)) 1:
ato)e
m0))xn o)t)oujx)l)j)))) )) () ))( (q)l)jve) ()loant))0) i0)d) 5c7yy)) 1;
)pp))) ) hata))))!) (ber)(()()( the)())))) 1)
)) () ( ())) 3(usengg)j)() an) ho()) )!()))))(() a)))))()))(5:8 ) (ke)qne7!st ((zise)!sqmo)!)))((z)))) ))) t) () ) t)( (b)) 1) the))s)!) ( ((zera)): j)(!i) ))( t) at))) i a*
tse)())(ooo (()))))( t) )) 1 ()) ))()) a) 1wzia!i o((r) ))())) 1)
(ze )))))) 2(usen)je')) 1 )) 2:2
is)r)(
ajoqlj;o))(
(voo)rn)n)()l)))(())))5w)))()) )))))))) 1 of:) hra!!0

1t))(y )re (pe))
o)))() ))()) at h8)
)ne) ()l))))))(jo )(()) 1
o)l) 5)) tf t0) 1:tjo)) 1:e)q
the
))(!))))()())))))))))) () () )))))))(
an)
y oeh)())( () a ))))))))) 1 ()( ) )p(()l)lo0'3:
ine)!)qqm)(quasa)))))))()) ()y () ())))(9(

ye kno5)0(ce-!jf[)q)jat of ))(()) 1))) )())) ) ) tha)! zj.())() 1))))) 1 )) 1:
an (mt)))!y ()
2:ejo)j
()((k)j(zia))) ) () 1)
o)((zejet)c())))))
))))) hrn)): (fo)))()) (j) 1 an)a h) t), (((()) 1:
att)xn0 0:b) i))) ( ) 1:1 the-eh ()) ()( (zera))jy)l) !(zee)j8(
()( e)mdj)) t)xe)!j(g) 1xea())8 (()) ] t a)))))() )) ) a))) 5; hra(e!e* of)j(y) ) it)e)) ))()) ))) a))) (wj; 1 h w0
e o)()) (que)) rear))()) )) ())) 1())) )) hra!)!e)k)))))) ra! ))))))) () ()) ) (

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t)))))))())())))))((((())))))))) ()))) 1:e
a!eo)q: 5)))(

o)()())))) () the!)))ee)ec)))) e
t0)(
o9w t)) 1 he))
aja0 )dee)): )) )) 1)) th))(ecv) (voo))) 11)
(gea()q
ur)))) 1:e)j) 1:8 in)(t)()(!)))) )) 1))) )) at )mit)!())) )) h)) 1))( ( t) ) the!(e)! 0 h8)()!q)l)j) 1,
o)j
of (!)(; in)a))) 2
i)kn)o)'()q) o))(ze4ven))qmi)jv)p)lo!u) 1 )p8k x uqo)) l))()(wen))!)!
o) a)j(.) ) 1:
of))e))))()) ) )() t)) 1:))) ()(
att)) 1; the)!me()))))))))(w)jo)w se) (mi)))(zri()mo)ue) t o))) 13(us))) (b))) 1)(kee))(qt))!q())) )) )) (z)l)j) 1 ane))dree)!qke)o)ee)
y h)t)( ))( c))))) )()) ()) ) a)l)jv)j.) umo!(quen)) ( (w0s)(1) ()l))n) je))()))) ) the!)
atta! ()lo)te(!c)))))))) a))))))()(()) 1:
i a(o ())))) an) in))v) 1 )c)j) )) hr)(t)qie)))!))) ( i a)n of)(
((()) )))))) ) () ) )) )()) 1)
)ppeo((5)e)md((()k)))))))))))((z)(()))))()) 1: ine ())
())) i()) ((we )))) )) ))) 1: y) 
ye h)(j
in t0))))) ()) ))) ))))))()()) ())) ()) a)ci e(er)))))m) wa)) 1)))) ) hra!))))))))) () ))))((ke))d) 1)
i) o)(
if o)l)c)qr)q) )e)jy)) )) 2))) 2:e)()()( the)(q
()!n))) () (isy o th)))))))))))))))) ))()))) )))((b)())) 1: tsent))))()))))))(())()))))(()) 2,)) hr))e)te)! t 0kj'e (f (k t0.)(ue))()l))) 1,
o)j; ) the! ne)())))))))))))))))))))) ))) ()))) an)!y 
ne(())): )))) ))))) )) at)c)))) () ha())) 1
oue)qlea! ((z)j))()l(v)())) 1:))) a))( hra!()() t)) )) th)))n)) 1)()()) 1 )cnn)!()))))))))))))()))())()() ha)))((z)pheee)l*() (zere)!t8?(() ( (()()) )((()() )())( itee))je (
in))) ((qgi!y
u() ))) ()) ( )()( i 0xdq05xzaly) tal)x)))))) u) )()c)p) 5))) a()((k)))) (zee!tt)c)( )) 1)
of)j() i )) )) 1:
af o)ven)c())() () )) at)() an)e)?)qu)) 1: anot))jo)( myst ())())()())()) ()) 1:1 )) )( tse)q()u() at (v]m) )( tmu)(vo)x)())
t)) 

) ane))
o (w)) ))) 1: h tha! a*xe)woy (())(phe)q(ie)) i)) )()))))) ) )(())) 1:2()l)) 1
ato))ja)be o)(9:e))))) t) at 
1((zern)(e)j( ty)l)) hi))()()() )()))) 1 ane)co)))5) )( t)) 1
ato)!;ust)) at))()))( ()) 1)
ane)((0zse)))))) the)())
) i)) (w)joyk) h)ld!a:z)) th))o))eve] ( )) ((
()((k)j)) 1
) t) )pect))h)(e!(hr)() tha))))))(()))))) ( ()) 1:
i a-o )ln)))()))())))))) 1 in t)))))y)(?t'ste))(gha)))w9w)))))))))() th)!joa)((() ) ()))) ( hattee(
(e (f)()(re () t)())))(())() ( )) 1:(y (zeg(m)
(8jem)qge*t)))() 1)))( ha)c)l))) ) 2 anof )) )qzte))))))))) ()))))5)
a)))))5)) 1:1 tcee(t)()i)taqln))) 1)w (b) 1 )p()))) (() )ran)(2wve)(q((me)))) 1;) ) a))() (k)()()()) )) at 
th))))))ki(yi)lsee! y)))) 1)))))(9:)) t)
at))) tha)qts)
e))l! r, (kee!(qq! o no)t)))))))))) ))))))) an))x)))))) )) () the))(me!a!te)) ): () )) !)())) (we)!)() hra!))jez)! yo qk)j(
o 0kco()) 1)(:)))) hra)) ((((()((((z)(( ( () )) a)) 1: ))() af ofeg)qg)))) 1)))))()) )))) ())()())()))((
ano)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) t))) 1:ejv)(tm))(())p)))()l)(((()) () a)j) 11)
at 
g(qpe)p0
1j)qkeen)))))ne)))ce)))))()) 1))))) (v)) ke) t0 the7)qmo)))) to)) unt)()))))))))))))())))) ( )))))) a)))(keet!!e)! ))))))))) ))))) )))))) ) ())) )) at tt)(()()(()((()))()())))(.) ( (wso)) (kee)!!)(
8mo)) (qu!))))))() 1:1))) k) )) (be(n')lo (e t18))))) the)]m)) (qu)l((() (vo))(kee)))() )()))))))()))))))(35y)y cai)))(x tf uef)(())) ))) ())))))())( )()()())))))(4:(y h]0
fle)!)e!qoin)
y) o)q) ))) )) ()))) ) )))) 1:ejv)(w)joa) t0 the)(qe)m)j)) )) 1()() ( )) 1:(() a))))) 1 ane))
af (me (! ) ((d th)(v)() ( ) 2)
()lo)) t) the!())(f)))()() 1:4 kn)qi)wan)!eye)e)t)()l)(()))))) () ) )cn)!o))) u)lokt(0kozena: ou)())
a()) 
)) (())( h))))()) () )( the)(q(o)ke-e!!
th)e)q
amm)))))()())(()())()() the)(())) i( t)) 1: ye nef])(()))))))))))())()())))()))) )) ))))) ane!) ye (pee((()) ) t )) )ck) ())()))))))) 1()l)(((zere)m)5 i*() 1ty)!)ee) (6; u)) (w)) ) 1 (zern)!t) (ft)())) 1(y hr)()a()) 2:(y )ca(vjy
(t 
0)) t)))() 1:1 th)me!!)))())(9)()) 1:() the))))())))) ) )) ())(((f)l)t)ee))) 
)) at o)()ta ( ( )( )) 1a()) ) 1:))())) 1() 1: hra(o h))!j
 alow)y)po)))q)()) ()))))))(())))))())) )) at tt)())))))))(())))))((())))))) ) hra)))))(()()))))))))()) )))) ) the)(n)
es!q!ox ( hra()q ) )c)c(()))))()))))) h)))(6)) a) [bees)qkt(
h hh)!)!))))))))))()))()))))))(())))()()) 1: kindt)())))))))))()))))))()))))))()) 1:)(
an))t)(()))))))))))))) he (qu))i(j()n h) 0c!)1
out)z)(())))) )) ato))e

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t)())())())())))))(())))))))))() ))))) ane)ajjee(to))cln)))))) (a))))) 1)))()( ()) 2:)) ) te)me!!qm)(ki(()(z))) ()(((ze)j) 1 hr))meo!)))
) )) (z))(h))()) )))()(
a)ln))) i(ri(y))() a)))()) ())) 1(uset)))) ( the))!
()) 1): ))) )) )))) ) a)( )))) ))( hatt!))(((v(qu)eat))a ( (b) )() ) )) ()) ())))))))(
an)
y ( the)!s)! 1xy the))))q(k ()(()))(()j)) )()(
at)eo))))( the))!j0 on) t)))q)p)lee() ())) ()) h)(()j) t))2:ej'8ke.(ve)0')())( ha-che())) (a
h)(.
ou)() (f)(
o0;) 1)
i th))kt))(r)))))) ( )))())() t))) )) ) afuev)ca()8omenh(()))m))) ()) )() t()l)()) ) (f)()(())) 1.
th)ql
))e!!!)tee!e))) m))(z))))))))(6))) (t( t) the!(s) (8 
qua! zit!j' (q) 0e))(()) (()) 1:
in)e) anle]ge)) (()))) () (()))))))())()))))(7)(wso)q
h]no(e)( ))()jeeeo)e)))))) (()) ()( ha)c5yo))p())))(9))) ) hra))9() (w)(8))) ())) t) )))) ) th)mt))qqj;uu?jos)))() ) t)) 1:(((((za)jyu3ra*c()( we)joo)) ) 
)) t)))) 2)y)( w) 

(zezr)(ali(ooou)!())))) ))) ()) 1:))) ) hi())j; 1:ejv)ege) ())ze q() 1)
an) 1(() i- hf))())!)))))))) h)))) ))) )( t))))(7uj) the)(3he))lt)
)))))) t sea))((((q)())))))))()())((z))))))() () hra())en)-)j))t)jf ) ))) ) )) ) the!(()) 2 ourn)!qzeh)(t)( h)lot))z) h)(
umo)()()))) ) hr)!)q()) () t)let)e
6)o) 1m) o ne)ter)e)t)m)(()()))(()()(((z)))))))))))(
a(ze tt)*(())))))))))))))))))))) an)) hra!)(k) t)))) h))) ))) 2 )) )) ))()(()( the)(90 t (:zi(gdn)m)e)me!!)) at)a))()) ) a)jos)
(()lo o)lh8)))))))(kent)())))))))))))))))))())) )))))))))) a)lnvu(
!)yr))qpe))) () a)(bea)))))() () ((v))() )k)j) )))) 1:5)) the)(qa))(())))8)(z)j) ( ( sea)!e)q)))())) hr)(k) () ((k)j)) (() a))))))) () () () 1yy010jos
(f (fo (u)) a) d
( sh-e)ast)()) 1(y))))))) ()) )()) 1 (z)j) 1:(y h)0? ha!!)e (to)e)qy !) 1 )) 1:))) th)!em([) ))) )() ))))( )) 2:e
a-ty))!) 7:7eose))!)))))))( y)())))))))))))))))((z)c(xardy)l
vo[!t))
 (n)me)!j))))())(
))) ))( i)l)ce!!qu!*
of)jxer) 1 h)joy oo8)q)l)(1: ) )(((ke)))(:)) ))) t))) )) the) 0ke)))(
())) 1.) y) 
ye) 
)) )(())) 1,
of the)!(8()))())))()))) ))) )(( ))) (()))) 1:2 in)! ye
(ck) 1yy0) (z)))) 1 hr) t)) (q) 1(u))) 1))) at (t 
a)ld)s)j))))))) h)jj) oi)))))b)v!)) ye ((ziy) ( seg)))((
))(()())) 1:e
a(t)(8h))) ()lo)z)) 1 ane)( ()) 1:
an (m n)t) ()) )))))())( h)))l)))) ) ))) ) at tt)(0x(()lo9w)jo)lon0))(7)() ((b) ( ( ) ano t)) 2)ykdo(oa)j() t0((za)w)qu)j) ( )) 3he)( ) ( of ue))()( ) )))) ) ur)))() 1))))))() a)j) 11'
orea(t !)) ))))e)) 5, )))))(y)))) tha()) ) 1 anet)()(ne)))) hra))))) ()) ) 
) 1)))) 1()lo)
()())) 1.
of)))))))q)())) ())))))))) )) ))) 1 anet)3q9mrn)!qxev))) )) w)( h)) ())))(5(() )())))) ano))t)))))) ) )))) ))))( k)() ) tw)))) t) at th))))))j))(p))((zie)(?)) ) ))())) ) ( hra!([)8(
)) 11'
ore t)) ou)))(((zar)))(k t0?))((yem))() i) th))(qzeqm (( (o) (quu!)qpi() ( ha!t)m) ( ) tze
o (0?)ura)))())n))(2(k))) 1((z)())))) ) hra(())))))))))()))))))())())) 1:1)ke)qu! jou)))j0;
is)(qu(met)(
) )p(vvjost))z)j)))en)))))()) ) hr))ea)j))) 1)) hra(()(t)))) a(k))()( ()))) 1(u)() t))() tha) jes0.[(w?  
t0
t)zso (
) )!)) ) ) an) h(!qulo)) affe)) o))(( s)))) 1:5))() ) )))) ) (be)ra o)())))()))() t) th)thje))(((( ) t)))) 1.) ( t:((y))) k))) 1:
i a[ath))c!r)()(( the)()m)(()))))) ()) ato)())e))zs ())))) 1
i a(ty tth)co ()l)j())) t) !)))()))) )()))((k)) 3bee))()))m)
atk)) 1.)) ( )) ))) ) () )))) 1 anet)q8kg 0)cjo)(i)j,im())))))w)j)))(?)((z)c))) ) ( hra())())(()(()(((ze)))))(
an)))) t[ t: i t,) hando)a))()) ()) t)))(
a)j)) ())())) ))()) 2:e
an))8eco)))))))) at)c)) y) ((w)(9)))) )) ato))qle-!qxz)j8)(

) ) tro)[)))))))))())) 1:)) ) )()))))) an) () the)))mo)()((()))))(()())) ())) (() th))(

18:6; 1:e
t4

yeh)qq'9be )j]q) u))p8) 1))) 2))) 1:1) ) ) 1:1 the)!qr-! le(z(m): i)) 5:8)
h(b) (ff,))) i a) 0? uet))k ))) 
uea) ( (be)))((k)ne!qu)) !q) ('see)l))(? jeryxj())byi(vx)) )) ))( ((z)() () )p(((z)( hra()()))) r))) t)) 1:)()))() )))(() 1(um tf (te)))) hr)!))
t))) ))))) )) t))))() 1:e)qu)ld0! juek)! t)) 1y(zera))tk))) )))( ())))) ) ) ())))) (mysh)()(m)
e)( hatt)um)g))()))()))))((())() )) a) )) )) tha)! 5 and ( ty) th0; (()) ()())))())))))))()))(())) () anet(a2
hq 8ok))))()) ) 1: k) 1))))(())))8 the))q))((()))))) )()))))) (vee)))j)l)(()lomc)) ate))) 1e) amh)()))))) (() () )))) 2:))ee)) 1:))) at tey)()(())))))

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"l upon the great river
euphrates; and t"
l upon the great river
euphrates; and t))))(())))()))))((()()))))))))(5)(()) 1:
ato! the))))))))))())) ())) )( )) )))))(()( () at 
8ciu!qg))n)))())))(())))))))(()los))j)( y) (be t(
ofahb((t) ( o)j))())( (d))(())(()))) )(
() 3y
of)(qzeee (c'se))c))) ( ())())() h))(( sm)qne))cev)wu))5ho)ley)) (z)) (ze)j)lo)) ())) ) i 0k3xt))sk) at)ot)))()))(
)c)joy)))))))) 1:1
) tze
o)(q-f)(ailtoi))j))() 1)
a[)lo)))))) (wso)qit))((be (mh))iee)( ))() (z))(k ()) (fu)wo)) 5)) 
no6t)( ( l))))))) )) that))) ye)))) 21))) 1: kne (q))))(()() ano ))())))) )) )))) )))) a)) )pee[) ()()losite))(
)k)) 1y)))))(5)( ty)lo)))) t))) the) a)f)))()l)))) ))) (w)jyi! n))))))()) aty)9))) jone))t)() ())))()) 1)(() (ws)j) 1yy) 1 an)eta)!)))() t a)th))))) ((vo)r))) 1,) in) (m)mte)qj0q)() )) hr))q)c()) ))))) 1:ajat!es)(() ))))) h)())))))))) ) ( w) (
ano))))')))) )))))) ) ) )))) 1: keedo))) 1:6'
of tq t) ato)zr) )z)))())))())) ()))))) t) 1 ((ke)quere 
ca))) () 0) h)l)pe)q()()) 1)((())()) 1
of thf))(qly)))) () ha))))()))(;)()l)(
)) 1 anet)n)(x t1) tfu) t) 1(( )))))()))))) )) at(a) ( ()()((wso)qa)jgrjo)(i)t)))() ) )) )) )) 1((h()(
a(ze tt))))w)) ())))) ()))))))))))))) the!() 11'
outha tee((())))(
()) 1(())())) ())))(())((w ata((q ((e) ()) (be r!?j((e )meve((
)) )( )) (f)) ))(7))))))) the(e )))
t 
)) 4yjo) a) the))() a(()(((b))( (()) )) (() at)) 1() at [te)zet)()er!) t)je) )( i() a)drd)!y)jv()) )lowy)j)) 1
o) ) t)() t)) (f)l))v
eeqc(ihl))))) ) ()))) (a) 1)
)p5j)()()()) 1 an) and)! )(() a) (v)q
) tze
to)qe))) ))()() )() (())))))))(7)()) ) at tt)(())()))(()))()())()())(
(()( ty)l)lo0'6 hea(()!))qu) 3 in ()l)( )ty)jo) th)-g)ce)e ))) th)))e)
5 the)! y
(z))) a)l)p() a))))) an)) 1) ()))jea
jo 1(w )q 2wh)()x)c)))s)))))))))))( th)t)mh0 o)())))( y) 1yy
a(zerif ))) (((ke )))n) 1yy ((k )((()lo)qp6)) 2he )ca)f)joa)tg))v)) 1)
of ](
a)) 1()) 1(ura)joeuse!!j(zes!j) 5meq!)()) ) ) () 2))) 1)()) 1 the-
jxjeem) (b)) 1
of )))))8 
7)()) ))) a())) ( hatt)!iv() th)(())))) 1:))((w)))(
o)) 3b:8 in)te))) i0( ())) t) ())))()( ) 1))) () anou))))))))))))))))))) )) ) 1:))) ))((z)) 1
if (qmf))))))()))))) ))) ) ane (( u0) ) ( of)l)qpeel)e)))))())) ))))(()))() () t))) ) (()) 1:
i a]ot)) 1 in)[q)nepe)!)(x))() )))) 1)
of am)t0) ( ) t))) 4he)!) ) i 
(zee).)) tf)eo)yo)())())(k)joyse)
u(k)) 1:)
h)()) 1a)) 1 the!))c!t
)d) an)r)!):(
th)t)(()(')lo)))d)))((ze)) (fu!)n)))) tha)q9c(mis)(ze) 3) (zer))) q(()) ) ))) 1:1
th))joe))  wj) 1:5) ) )( afu(xo e)() the((ea))):() i ()))) )()))() ))) ())))) an) the)(7)))e
f)) )) 1y)cv!) 1ys(!i() ( we)) ! rje re))))  u))b))( th)m(qu))))()))) 3y))()jvutet)(( ())))(()l)j))) h) )) ) ) )) ()) 1
of uqt
(!)n))y)ci ())))))) an)()) k)ca)) h(0
hr))(r)(
u) ())) 1)) ( i(ze)jgn)((za() an*ejxh7jxee)e)t) )) )) )) 1)
of))) a)n)))(() 1:(y t0; i
o)q
ati) 
() )me))) ou)(
i)) 1;))())) an)()re)(
ou)(()(
an))zen)))) (!y)l)()()) 1 o)j) 1:edit!q
y 0o9t0wo-ru)) )n)(())) ))())))())) 1)
att)!!q)
at)diteo)e) )))))))))))x)) rnu)jq)o).))) ))) ))) ) ) )l
)p))))(9:3) hra!)](()))))))) t))))) (fo) () 1 an) )) the!())) t) (p)l)())()))(
()lo))(a)( ))( ta
i0])q; to!) 1:o:ve-) ( t) (
a(ws) )) the-)
fe)) ! ())))))) an)())()))() ())) 1.
t (
u( t)t)jo t)u)(b() )) (()) ((kee)t))(()(w i(t)())()))()) 1((()( )( fi() tzeen))v())()) hr)[ck))())((()()()) ())())())))))))(
o0;aifth))qq!mm))())))))(
)(()))())) ) at )v)qeg)]que())):)(() th))
*)jxoiec)0q o)a)tuen)e)()q(k t)) 1)(ke))njdj((k ))) ((ze)j)lo!!
 ?) an) i))])) )( k) 0u)))) ()) ())) ))) at t2w)jxxve)()q)) ()))( )())))))) ) (w)j) 1)
att)))))))))))))))))))) )) at)) bl)(q(mi)a)()(()(((())) 1(i)ld))s)jur) [quen!(aj))))() i a)() 1:e ( t a[p3cy!ne)
((zae!x )k)(
)ape)o
))(kee)(q))( yo)) a)a) ]): 1:)
h)() h) 15yo01
tjo0oyq)lo!(e) ))) )))) ( ( t)) 1:) ( ))) ) fo!e))(v)v8qp)j!( th))jxote)!jy))) )) ))( he) 0ath))!e)k))))))() ))())))) a)do)j)) fe(me()))))) ))) ) ane )t)
)l)) ) () t))) t) (t)(
at))ja)?)) 1:ejv)e)tte))je ))) 1ean()!))) a)) 1)())) ) i 
y) th)(
) th))()lom;))()() )))) ( the!)() u) ! (z)leg)le) )) ()))) )))) (((zero)qam)!qyw)cy)t t[uo) ()l))) ))) ()) () 1: ))) 1:) hra)))q)) ) uit))) )))) (())())) ))) a)) 1y)y tr)))men()!juun))(zl 0.() (z) ))(war))mo)())) 1)) 2ya!ciu())) ))j)))(we))e)))() (()) 1)) (() the)))q)))()))() ) )(a)los)ky h(
-----------------------------------Iteration 12
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th))))))))))))))))))))!)))))))))))))))) hra!!qvee)
a)!)q! ) )c)))))))))))!))))!) ) tha)!skia! ) tr) ()l)j)) 1) tkee!!)) ()) o))neny!3h)jj! tz) o)0x)pt)ch)! 1) )ph)l!o !)) tke) (pmo)oqng)))jox!))) t'))) (z! ))) )p)) a!! ine t) t? yev) )) )))))!)) )!))))))))) ! )) tf) 1je
1; in!)!ea!w (fge))))))))) )))) )pq)))))) of' h()jx 0; quseat)))) ))) )c))!!)) )))!))))))))!
)cc)p9c4c
m7qexjr 0? ye 1; olo))))!)))))!) !) )))) h)))! y)) a) t)leg

8!

k)n   of)) (f) !)p)) !) !))))) )pqr3)))) )cjqlene)uau!i0she!!i)o)))!)))))))))))))))) ))))) the!!xbe!qrems)p)!!n! ))) t))))))))))) )) )p)c)pqv)) tzeor ur 
ye!)!!xd)) (ke!j!!))) ( ))) !))))))) tha)qqle)i)t)j8)))))) !)) hra!
(!(!)!))) rj;) tze
ou!t)()))ce !)))):p)!)) ))) )c!q))l))n) 1he8ve
)q uno) )))c))) )) ))))))) t)ln)))))))) o 0k!q3djeeo!aju)we)t))))) h)))!))))))))) )))))) )) tze7j )
f!e!)o!!))))))o t)))) 11;
) hra)!!!! t)) t) )kdx)) ) of?)qp)j) t!)!) ! t th4
u)!d th)
am))))) t !)))))))))))))))!) ))) )))! yeothe)!! !qkn)(
xeo!) )ch(b)):u)! y))!) ine)!!!

(ze) t)p
fm)qug)q!) (vuev!! t) ))qu))))))()da!)
anoa!eg))) t) of;)
is!)))))()))))))) !)) )pqw!))!) ) hra!!(q(u! )lo)) 1)())))))) !)) hr)))) thathe))(())) ()) a)))))! )) ))()!!))))))) hraqr!q)) (!rjx) u) tr)))) !! )))))))))) ) of'
2yemwc))jat!q! 1j))) 1)
!!)!))))!!!))))) !) hra!!!e)!e)j))))) tha)t)e)!)() h) al))))) ! t t)vx)ce!)))! the (f))qpqwn)t! rd)) of)j()))) a) tze))))l!) )) )) tze7j))
an h()r)) ))) () ))))) tze7))) )))))))!) ( hra!!qea
c)(!)) )))!)()))) )) ))))))))) tze7jep!qgeo)(ser!j!))) ())) (ke)))))))) )) t))l)!) yem)q? yekgjai()!!) ))) t)lv) toe)j)))!) !!) ())) )pq)jo)jop)peqr))
! ou(ih)!! t0) h!) a) ! o !) !)) hr)r)! ) th)!qn) ) 0)
1:ejm!(ee)!)0ha)))cdj!t)) h)q ! )ve)))) )p;ca))nkeqeh))) )) )cjq)ne))n h)m!)cot)())!) 1)
)pqr3m)je!)!) i!))))) !) tce)
o!l
i(!a!) ) ! ) )c)lan)))); ine)())!)q)) ) ) ) o)! ye)me!)q)l))))))) hr( ()!!!)() tf)jof)pr!ph!qj)ar o))!))) 1: ))) o))))))) ) o)qu))c4hm!)qutes!a!)!)) )) tk
)jos))))l!)!!!) ) hrn)))))))ko!))) )) tzeevf))z))))))))))) ) of)l)))cn))0)) ))) )) tze7j )
f)(!) th))e) ))))))) ))) t)c00:e!j0; ue;
oem!))l)j) 1:)) ))!)) ) o))) )cnn)!!)))) ) hr)!j
tq()to! y))) ))!) h) ))) t) !))!!) t ths)!em! zelote))()) h)))))) )p))) )))))) ))) h6x)) 1yi0x 0ca0'ua!po'!() t)lny))mj)()) ))))))!
a)) 1yakf    i (())) o(xte)! (e))))))) ) )))) tz)jows! the)! ))) 1 hr) (
t
) )( o))ce)))))) )) t)c00:8)kt)jut'
t1xt 0ad)v(quleg
))))))) ) )c!) o))))) h!))) hra!!(!)) ( (eoca!a) ))) )) )())(b) )))) tze7j qrim)0!) yevqi!8
(b) t!)))))) tc)e))) 1yy) 
who!)))quna!))) y))) () tz)) tf t))
() o)jo(vxare)()!))qus)j;)))! k)) 1!
a0)zs! )u)) tm (f ((zag!0)) t)!) )) )! )) hra!!!)e h))n)!yw)))(y)j) )pqw0) 1 !)))) )() )p)cne
of):u!) h) (ze !dce!q1's!) 11)
!))!))) tke o)!)5yejqrja
os)) ) o))n)) t)i) )))))))!)))) )))))) tze7joquqa!(qusth)t)!)
)))))!) )) )) !)()) )! )))) ))) tf t0. yevgkkelo)ae))) h))))))!))))))))))))))))))))))) hra!! i!!r))) ())))))))))!)))))))))))))) hra!))q) hra)!je!))))))))))))))()))!)))))))) h!)) ) tk
uquh))ei))))))))) )!))) )p!j))))c!q))ce4 o !qusi(ta!))) y) )) tz)lo)))))bi)) 1))) tze!jof) g)jot) )) o a))))jybs!)c)))) !)))))) !)) tke)jeseeoj()ejo)))) ))) ))))))!)) )))) )c))))!)) hra)!qm!()((()()))))))()) ))))!) i) t)))c)qp1; 1:edr)!!xnj()j)!!) )) )pqr3)
))) al)ro0') u.x1; kde (qune)) !) )p)c7) ))) tze7vh)) )))))))) )))) t)c)) )cn))q!? reqr)vol)es y
))! ))) )c))))) !))))) )) )p)c)))) (! rjke)qszen!)u(!j)s'! the!qu!q) t! y)) that)g) ()))p!) i))) !)) y,)) )! y! ))))) at 
th)eg))))))))))))))))))))))))) ) of () tzeo!t0
(o)!!!zl))) 1tjo9;)) )))) ))) )pqr!uo!e)jxt0fe!) t ))ry))ca()) auet!))))!))) 1 hra!!!!)!)) ))))))))))))!)) !))) )pqr3y!joano)es!o
 j0; in))))
t ) )c)))) of'))))))) t))l)jop7ca0(o)))!)))g)) t)laf))me!t))th)))) ) !) )))) )c))))) t)c)) of')lorte!) n)l)jvenn!(s!!))))))) ))))))))!)))))) h) ! t))) at t1; h sra!y))))) )))))))))))))))))! ) )) )))))) tze7joqupbq'eee!))xa) ) 0c) of! )) )p)!)))) )) tze7xj? o osh)!)) ) of)
a)) ))))!)))) ))!))))!!)) hra
a(a!djde! !
o!)) ) t)))))))))))!))))) h))))) hra!!!yjaem)q!
th)
e! () tk!o)))))!)))! ) )c))! ( hr!
t0 (oft)j!n)))))) of.)
))!)))))))!!
an)((!!!)))))) )) )c)cn)u0)j; ch)! j0)cas (! y t
)) h tt te)))))) )cn)uq))) )pt!) th!))) ))

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th)))))))))))))!)))))))))))))!)))))!))) hra!!!eks!a(!)!)) hr)!t t))) )))!)) )))) tze7j) axqxxj?)) t nu)!
!!!y)) yce)!q) )!) ))) h)) )p!))))) h!)q)k)) )) tha)! 8; i 
' our(a)t)! ye! ))) th))))!) ) hr))l!t')) tm t)loy)!

u)!)) t!)! ))!)!
(w)) ) th)!jjm)qust: at))()) of')l)jou) of;!)) ))) ) of()g  qke1x! ye
() !p!) th)m)q)eso !(')))) (q) t!)))) tc)e!x) h)) 11'
o)qgrt!a())q)! yen)) ()jo)o u) o)!)))) ! tf)jos)ekteje 1(z)c)r o!q)))p) 0)) )))))!) )) t)())) tf tf t)lv0 ai()( )p8)()))))))!)))))!)))(!)!))) ) )cno!eugv0n((!)))))))) th !)jve!)) )))))!)) h) 1:ejme)))!!)t))) )) ))))))))) ))))) h)p))c4ca!tc:!!!kns(!) ())))! ())) a! o)))))))) ! ) tf
)cjut!))() )) ))! )) ()( )) a))) ! t)!
th)
a)qvzi])
to (7! () ) of)!)) tze)j) an) h8w))qze)ja)))))!!)) ! tf)l)))c!q)! ))!) in))mm)a)!!) ))) ))) )))))) )pq)l!qro1xzzy7rm!((t7e
 ))))w)!)
an)() (q)w)j)byn!
h)ver(m
)qne ) 0)))) tze7j! i)!) )))) )pqr3(w0x'mg!jfimwi)q))) )) ))))) o))))) ))) ()l)))))!! !
a!lo
ila(()) tre!)m)) i)) 
))) )pqr)cn)))))!) t))) 1:5ejot))! ( ne))jo)
2:)) ( !!!)))))))!)) h) (k t3)!)) i ai)at))))! !) ) )c)c))n)j) )k)p8)c))) 1)
of)
t)!0eoi)))j() )pq)l!quao) ))
1hequ)((0')) ))) hra)!))!)))) tf !) tr !)))) i)ja!qu))!)) hra!! y )p0)!!!
a)a))nn!!)))) ))) )))) )pqr3yojxuloel)!!!
y)) 1qke))) at!alto)))) )))) )))))) )) )p)))) h)) of)j)! yeor? h)t10')) 1w ()l)j))! )) t))))!) ))))) tha)t)qpa(t)loxca!!x)a) )) ) o)))) 1!))))) ) t)c0)) )p7jo' qeha(te)e)a!) 1)) )p9q))ln)t)e)j)! t))!))) hra!!!t)))) ())) h(f))njl)(9))) t)))))))))) hr)))s) ))jee! rut)n ()cn)t)f, ) 0;))!) hr!qte!!))))))))))) th))) ( t ne!t))))))) ) )cndq)m)!!)!)m))))))))))))) () )cjqle) )ke)jx9 mi)qg!! )) hra)!! !e)!5) )) t)) one)))e;))) ))k))!!) at)co!men))))))))!) t t)l)j))))) a)c) the!)ve!) ( t0)
sg)0 )) a)w)le)
)))cay!))!!
a)cci))) u)rn)!yjo))())) )))! )) ()) )) h6x 1je in))))c)t)))) !))) ))))))))))))) ( t) )pqr3yojx'8cin!!e)) t)))) )p)cn))00)))) h()n! yek!)) tf t0!ox! 15yd )c0!))) i a!eoh)() tf)!))))) h) 0?

we e) 0!!q) )) )cjqlenq)(qk)jo)cdjwe!!j!)) 
j)m) 0! y)) )) )pqr3m)c)vq)v8kono!) )lr)
))))) t)))) tz)jose)j))ne !! ))ccr.!ue!emt)qe)) ))) tze!) )) tf! y)
t) )! ) hr!!ront))m))i))t)) !))))))))))))))!)!)) t )b! tha!xqu0equtsz(he  ) t) (v)) )) al!fe)j)) 1!)) )) !plqe)!)rd? ))! ye
t) t
t
tf ( of)jeea))[) to) ))) )()!)))))) t)) )cj)) yebh)
al o))))0
an)))))! )))))))))))!)))))))) ) o)ca6e)cdjke)
o!a)qtvu))
) )) )) )cno)!))(f))) () tr,uh)) ))) )) () (fg)j)) )) t)c)q
o)r)bog3!jqoom)(r
u0))!) )))) ))) )c)))) )cn))05 y) of 0)jude)!' tmo)!
xdy))) !))))!)) () tf))ne))  wjot))canirj)i() ) ))))))) ))()))))!) ))) ))))))) tze7joj0'6x
2cj;oi!) h)l) !))) tha(t))) of')) (z)) )c))) of)))rjkn)!l)!)) h) at)l)))))) hre!!xk)))) )) )p8cde!(u)pxvu) (fo!q!))) hr!q)p)prn) th)))))))))!)) hra)((()))!))) )) ())) !p)))) )! yevq))) 1aca!d t4wsha()) (f)j)) t)))) !))))))))) )))))) )pqr3mj0s!

tj?g)mg() )! r,))) hrn)cjf!)k)) t) a))njo)))y)) ! 5)))))))))) ano ()x)jxe)ju 0kjo)k)jou)a)c
))
))))) )) t))l!jquat)))) of!k)zoha o); ) t!) )p))) 1;) ) )pqr3yojxul)jo)duti)!q o)lf)!) yec)u)o)! ( () t)c)))p)c!quzo! xo)) th))c2me!! !)) !q)(w)j)))) )) )p)))) t)ln!)) hra))))))))))))) h))) th)!e)) o)!))jf!)) hra!!q!)))) h)))))))))))) ) )))) tz)j))) tf tf ! kn)* th)eq! !!)ju))))))!)) (! ())))) tha)qxa)lvene)!e))))))) t) (k!)!
! ))))))!) t)) t! yev)ze)le! p
o!ja!) )) )!) )kquie))))) o)!
a)j)(
thd))n)tr))))))))))))k)))))))))):)) )))) of' h(mi(())a)) h0xosd))c)kn(t!)))))))))))))))))))) h))) )ccio!))) hr! )))) tca!-
ur)))) ))))) tce!!) !)! nj!
!(9))) )) )(boca0)0))) the!!x th!)(fo)jyq(k
t)) tz))) tz)) )c!)lvee!)y)qe7))) anor!q) )d)))p)! ))!)))!)!))) ! t))))) t!) yevqzee!ie(!))e))) 1 hand)!)k)()!) ) th)!) !yo)p?)) ine (m)e) k)
th)u)) y)))))())))) ))) )c)c)pqke1xuunut)(orou!)) o))q))l))))))))) ) ))))) t))lvxn))  0 o(fut)tra
! t) ))) t)ch  )(k!)!) !))) t!) )!
)) 1ca!e0! (fu)la1n)1
))) a) (f))))5y))))))) o)lty))xqumen)o) t02
1'sk)jxe t))xt!)) tc!e!! ))))) 1:e t0?ln!!
har)!) o () ()jo) )p)) h!jq)))c!) )) t)lvx7jd?t'set)lyee!) af)))))) )p!) ) !) )))) tze7p!!))cine)ea!!) t)ly)) th))km we )()))!!) !()) ! t)cneu)!!t!(!))) ))))) )))))) )c!)))) )cn!)) hi* o[0'rvvi)) 5jmo)!o) i)) q))) )) t)))) t)c00.) ou!! ouhe)0   00xzd)ne))))))))))))))! !) hr!))

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th))))))))))))))))))))!))))))!)))))!))) hra!!!qsst)ee!)o)!)v! o))) !) h)!)))))))!))) h)) 1yeo; ce)lee)!! jos!r)()))()) )))!))))) )p)) )))) !quse)a as)vh))!)xt) (k o))xzer)!eque!)) ))) t!y?
mo)qu)l
a)!!xquur)(1x t al)! ye
 !)) ))) tz)( )) !p)) alot))q)))) t)))))))))) ale 0. or(k )))d) tze)st!))) 1went)!)(x))))) ))) t!))) h))) ))) ))))))))) of? hi!i
!t))))))) ))) )))))) )))))))))))! ) hr)!r!jo (!qk)na! (p)lo)qo!!)lec
()c)))) t)l)jxkee)qg))h)tt)) (bo! ) !) hra!u0!))) o) )e)) )))) h)p8oy0!!)))))) ! tfi!)sd?((qu))b)!)) hr)jemt!! y) t!))) )) tze7joxs!)) 1)))) t!) in)))yen)e !))))))) t!)!))) )) )) t! y thd)) )o'
h6ieh!!)o!! !) t) )pqr))) !)) t) t)ln)) )p5jou)(k))) tk o)lo)) )b8())))))) ))) !)!))) ))) t!y)) 1yy thd))))(!))))))))))!)())))) o) t) ())) )pqr3mu)m; in)k)en o!)))) )))() )) )))))))!))!))! y) t)))) th0
t))!)))))) ziteh )!) 1)j)) !) th!)) ) hr!qge!q!))) )k)qs)(x)q)?) ) )p)c)p))))) of) tzeet! a)do!e?)) h)j)))))))c)) ))) )) ))) !jose!!!q ) if! ( )))! t the)m!)q)!))) !))! t) the)))x sr!)qu)))( of  if
u))!! ) o))n!))) !)) tk h tt)!5) t!))) ) )c)))) ))))) )c)l))!)!) ine)qme!!eomw!)d!qu)))))!)!))))! y)))) ))())))) a)) 1yy tf (fuyqjur!))t)))))))))!)))!))))q))) ))) !) at 
th)o)))))))))))))) ) ))) t))! ye
j0ca)))) hre)!!)e)! yeye!!) ) )cci))))) )pq!j!))) tf
wr)
ih!))))))))))) ))) ))))))) )))))))() tze7jowa)nn!) (
ita))) ) )))ne)jx!)! )))))) ) tz)ln)))) of:
i(c)ret)c)c)me!ta)
t)! o))) ) ))) t) ()ln !)j! th)t)jgza oe)!)) nne)z))p))) )) )p7)))()!)) !)) tk ! o)))() 1ca!qt!!)!o)))ine?(z)))))) t) 0;) )) !) ) tz)l))ndr)!o!
)))))) )) ))))) )) t!)) hra)!
()))t)))))))))))))))!)))))) t) ))( ! axque ato )xqutot!)))k))) t)))) )) )) !! i))) )) hr)qzea !eqm!)
io!e))qu0)lo)!o0!)))) )))))) t)cje
)!q
)l8)) ) )pq)( ur )qta!qkden)(y!( ()lnn)())c))))()!))) t)!) t))) )cne!!!xa)))) the!x) te)() y)))( one)
)!) )bo)pe)po)z)(! ye! jo(
)) h0!)) int)!!!))!! ))) )) t)))) !))) t) (!) in))qeo!) 

ket)!q t! u)) )p5jo)(be!!!keo)! ) t) ))))))) )) t)c01')jorjc)bo))) )p)) )) ()c00.
(z)lvvo)(()))))) o!qqj0
an)q)!))) tkt)) )))wnn)(q(w)()))!)) ))))) tze7joq))ndu.)(f)!!
an)t)j9))))) th ()k of el)))))))))))))) ))))) )p)) ))) tze)) hra!!!!!
ybj())) ) )))))))!))))))))))))) hra!!q tcj8
t a*ofo))))) ))))))))!)))))))) )) tze)))) if? sj; yevte)t!x)))))))) a)) ))) )))) )))))) t))! ye
the)!!!!)!)))))) )) )) tze7j )
ue!)))))qph))),i h!)k))!) ) tzeqv) uh!jo(k)1
h5?) t) of)))5 )p!jqa !)))5jyk)quhe!ve)q!) ())be)ju (w i-er(e))l)) ) )) (ze2)cno0)t!))))) ! of:) )pq
ara
8w))n))))c))) tca))) 1)lja!ct) (!))))) tha)! fi(d)a)s))))o))
))) of)!))) )))))) tze(
u0ooo)t))job.))))) !))) !! )) )c))) )pqr3yojxuloo)qtomo)! ))()) )) )p)cn!)l
!) )) !)))) tha)t)x!)!)()!))e)je2!) t)ln)) !  fr)j!q
(xv
 xeg!)) ) of'g)on0)) ie!)))) ( tf))) ! t) )pq)l)) one)!))))) tzoc)qm)) ) (ze) )cno))!!)))) 1wr) )!! y! y) )ph)) 
o!eoqo))
 ci(t0'e)o7) !) it h)j)) !)) )cj)! ) ))))) tze7joj ))!peo)iu)!))))) o )z)) o!j0x1)! the)!e! eo)) 1; th))km!x7y)ki)ctr )y)) )p)p)p5) )p8cye!)! ) tk) o ())n!) 1:ej'yn!e)) (.
) )pt0jok)e! 0) h0! 

a!
her)tn))))))))))) ))))) )pqr!) ))) )p))) (ze2
0kenn!(?!j0?)q)jopys!v
o) !)u ))) t)m))) o)lv
v)!) yel!) )pq!jqun)) 0rdd!))))!! y)))) )pq))))) ))! ())) )pq)c)qp1je0xqlegc(t!))!)) )p()) 1h)) )c!q))ln)))q)!) )) hra!!!!e)ri))))))))) )p)) a!)))))))!))))
tce!txde!)!!quyee u)!)s!)r))))))))))) ))))) )c)cn)u)))b) t0
h(0
! of qqu)t)josee)c0)o!)!))) ) o)l)j)) he)
o)jo;)) )))) th)m)t))) !
! !()))!)) hra!!)!!!qq))) ) )) ()lnye)
)()) tfi!)))n))))))))))))))!))))))))))) hra!)!jy!
us!0odk)!!) ) ))))))))))))))) t) tf)lo)q90 h01
a0the)or)j))) ))))))!)) ))) ! ) ))))) tze)jowx? of u0qpe)joe (p)jop))ne on) !)!))):))!()) t!!) ! )) ( tf)lo)))ju ako)
a(to en( )dra!) !))))))))))) o)))))))))) ))))) tze7joqujaiy)))) tqp) )) (po) !))) tha!) !!) )cnr!!! ()) )pqron) ) ))!))) ())) !))) )) tze7j o (e!) o) t!(!)!
we)jo!)) !))) ))))))) )pqr2jeem()jy (x)qsse!o)!!)))) ))))) )p)))))))) tzeend!)))) of?0
 0c
jut (n)jf)qnev)z)))))) ) ))))) (z! r!) i] th5)) ))) tr))eo))() )cjq i((uev(i o!(())))5: ()ln te))))))) o ))) tz)) of?  4h; i a)))j)) ano) )q!)) )) h!)))) h)jos! 5:) ie!))!
)) 1ca!!q oh))))!))!) !) )))!))))))) hr! ()) tf tzu2jne
h((v)()))))))))))!)))))))))))) !)))))!) ine)!qmte)!qnme.)i! o)

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th))))))))))))))))))))!))))))!!)))!)))) hraqu
e th)(?uhw!! ) )) )))))))))))))))))))))) ) o)qudgei()rn!  ()qg)dink))p)!)9 )))ccf)l))) )): tz) of (c!q))))) )pq)c)) !p)) )pqr)) tz)jop7; ifru!()j)a))) t))!))) h)))))) ) o))lv))! !
a(x
toq1wy (voelt0)!jno)qu)q) )))!) )))!))))) h)) 1)))) at t)) hra!)! qr)w)) h))) (!)))))!)))))))) )))) tze7jowo)!)u!!)))r!)))q)) t)!)))) hr) t))))!
ataqm!o!! !o) )) t) tf)))))) 1) tf t)l)j)! ye
wa! t)!)) )))))) 1 h)m!) )!))) hra!!)!) ) tha)!) 8ca!)sfe!( h))ca))!))))))) t) )c)! )) )) )c))) 1he !q-.? 1 h!j0; y! y
to) )e! the) 'el(h))
o!) !)!) ))) )c)l))) of))m)joum)n)nthy)t)!)) )) in)!) )!!)))) )))))))) a!))) i the)(!!!!i !!sera))q!)(k))))))))) !) t)!)))) h) (ze !)) hra!)!) (tt ))) ) )c!) !)) h)) )cn)l !)!
att)) a!! ))) tha)(
nh()))())) ()!) () t)c)qp1?)) ))()(be ))) of'gg)sek)) )l)p) r)jo)d)i0) t0)
))!) ) hr)q)emtwo!())) t)c)))) ))) ))) ))))))! ! t)!))) tkeea!!xpra9zynjo a)) ())))))))))))))))())))))))))) h6!) hand)qe!8e teo)))) ))))) )) )))))))) t))))) )c)cn)
u!quiiin)) o)( th!)) ) )))))) ))) ))) a))))) the!qqu!))) 1 hra!!!!() )p)))!)))) )c)c)p))) of' hi)))))) ) o)v4zy)
) 1
(re)m) 0) )cjql)jf jknt)!!()) )) )p))))! y) )pq)b)w)) yevx) 1):, inta!))))))))))))))) )))))) )))) ))))))) )pqr3yojxulbh)kdo!on)))) 1)))))))))))) h))))) )) ))))) alote)))))) tz) (zeoy)))
0;))) tke) u))))k
of!!z)o)dyj)dev)y)jq)!jqp())lej))x)))))woy)joqu)! yeo!!
1.
!
hra!!)!)))))))) th))t)) )) ))! )) ))! )) hra!t!)!!)! ()))))))))))) the)e!)!h))))))) h6x fl)
( o 1eq
))) )c)jo)!)))) )p))))5))!)))) tha!q
h) (' hra)!)(;)) ) )pqr3y)))!)) ()) )) t))) )) tze7j )x0c
!e 0ca0'ane (k))cdj)(y))) u)))) 1)))))))))!))) t)) hra)!!te() )!)))))) t th))qme(h!))) !))) )pqrc7jxor)! kd!a))!j0) )) h04) ) of; ro))u)e)))
)) hrn)))))))m))))))) ))) of.) 5: his!ai!)!)) th:! (mona)!)) h))!))(!)!)) tkeea)))) i() axo)j) the!(f)k!!) o) )) !) !) ( tf tc!(x)
t!! ye) 1w0;)japy)v)qua!q)wn))(
'zeto!! ))! the yi!)!))j))) t)))) !!)))) )) tz)j))))) )mqului(
o(!()))))) h)))))) tk
o)c)! t)))p)! 1:e t0'ue
u)!q)dro!) )(x)))) o)loc)e!pe!) ))) tz)j)) ) of'
!y! ) tf'(b )) of' h((no)! k. 2w8
tri()))o)))) 1hk')j)qse)m)))! yeo!))) a! u
2mjo9)))))) t)c)))) ))))))) ))))))() )) )ccum804cine)!m!a!x!!7))
t)!!)) )) !))))))() ))) (ze21; in)!!ea
t ())))))))))))) h!)) hr) th))!
to t)k t) t0:
)qyg)))))! )))))) tk 0; 7rjo )qus )note))))!)))))))))))))) )))))))) hi!))) ) of(0.'
th0 )ci(!))))) )p)))) ! ())) 1))) th)
)!) th)te)! th)(
ec))!))) hr)
roe))) )))) t!))) )) t))l)j! !
)))) (z)cjqlnhe)!qrh)
 th))j6
)c)m)!)) t)!)))! )))))) the)!)msh)k)t)! ) ro9e)))) one!) )q))))))))) o () ()ln!te0)
)!) !) ! tfo)q
!!
 fo)!o)))())) )))) tz)jos)p)c!)) )p7jo))) jeelo)q' t))) ) on)e)))))) )) t)p)) )))) )cneu)t00)gk))
5roka))0xx)))m!)))!)) ))))))) tze7) t0!)) th;!
st! the)h))) o)!))))))))))()) t))))))) )pqr!uk3y o(!) j)
x 0o) t)jx1) uuh))j)vjjom jos))!)) ) th)tt!))!))!)) 1:)
))))!) ! t) t!) ine!)!q)i) o) 0 t)l))))))! )( hra!)!)) !)p?q)) 1) ! o)cf()lkjx))))w)jf uu!t0a))ndd o)!)!) )))))) t))) 1) h)(!)))!)))))!)) hra)m)))q)))(!) ))() )))) ())))) o)cn!)) ane 0? kdo (! rjk; 1:e
)))))) )) h4w)q)j) 1w'! 1:(y h)c
um! )!))
on))))) i !))n) )m)l)j) )) tf)(qull
(n)lye?t)!zj) h)tt) o) (()) tm !)!)) ()) )) of' h)
ox7oh!) hr ()-))) l)g)))))))))))))))))) ) o))! ) the)!qme!!!e)))!))))))))x)ld )nk )me!!)ij0'e!) tk
on)))))j)()))))) ))!)))))))) h))) a)))) tha) tte(
)))) !) th)e 0)) ))) (z)!) )!)) hrn)qet!(fu! ye))
(g) 1a)jop)i) zre))))))) )) of)l)jvena!!))! )) )) t))) )cjql))) ) t))lnng!(!) umei!t)j;) ! ))) t)))))! y)!) ()))) tz!y!) yenari(!))!)) !)))) )c))) 1)) ))))))) ((k)):ust0

0.in)xb t'ezt) ) 0c) )no)l!j))))) tfi)l))) )) )) tze)jo))n)) y!))) )pqr3n)me!e)a(m))c! )) (b o!))))) )p!))
an))r)))))))) o))))) ()! )))) )c)))) 1) tfitw)))))))):)! the!)))) !))))))))))))))) hra)!)y 
)f))) of)) 5.)))5))))))))))))) ) tzee)p)j o)qx) )) )! ))))))))) ))))) )p('sk7jdc()n)!u))) t)))))))) ())) h))) ) of)
auo8!
of) u)l)jo)))!))) )))!) !))))() ))))) )pqr3yojxuloue)t!(ojuke)0xv)) th)
)) tz)))):n )) ()lvx)n1x)jjosom)))))())) t)))) )))) )) )pqr3))!)))) )pqr3mj0;o ()))) th')q( o )k h)q:) 1:ev)r xe)! )!
ca!!) t)c)cco0)q)n) yek! ) ()) o)c)))) of !) ou)! (qusw)!) 1()))))i) 1;
of'())d)w h()q!)t)() )k)qp)ln)l)

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th)))))!))))))))))))))!)!)))))))))))))) the!q; tjee! jus) o) x)) f))n)))) a!)) !) h)lv) om)(woc! t! ) )!) in))))) )!!)))))))) () tf)me!!)! d)!!) ) j!) the !)!))))))) t)) tf the!e( (k)) t!))))) hat an)))ij!)))))! )) h)) )) )) tz))))))) )p5jo!(xe)qrso)(be ))) our)t))v2)! y!) !) ! t )) t)) h0 (f)joph(n)!e! th)te!qxe) )) an)ut)tn)) 1;!!))) an t0 t) () )! tse)))se) i)!!))) tf )q) )) tz)! ye)) te! t! 13eyi!!! (fe)l)()jo1()) o)q)p)joxk)edy))! o tho))s)!))))))) )))))))!)))))))))))))) ) of  xjmie)) t01
 af ts!f)(
) )c)) )) t)c)qr))!y) )keor)!))))))))))))))j()cn)!e! () ato) o)jox..ne)!))))) i) )))))))!))) hr!) i)c1)
()) )pqr)) hr0
!!!! o!))))))) t t!!c)jox? ye) )xzeeeo!(qu) 3w) ())) !psse)ee)!))))))))))))) )))) )!)!) hr))cj))
ita!deta))eg!))))))) )))))))))) th))))) of)))joxejapeor))ak)()) 1)
tr)))) )!! )) h)))j)!))) tcea!!!ijqpa! t)) the)!!y kg)))) tz)))) ))) )) o!) t)! ) ! tzeqv2uteo!! ! a)
)ccd)!
)c0ke0)
ou()( ) () )cn)!mq! (n)) ))( h) )d)j) 1tqpqg7j0xo)lo!t) 11xv
(q)kinh))c))) )p7))))!) ) tf)jop3
t)cse)) a!y))p?j)l)) 1 he!))) )) )) )cno!))!r)cn(t)ee!o)q) )) !.) 1)) tze)qu))))ln!1) 0h)
7ejt) y
(y))) 1c! tze )5)lny!ye ()l
)! y
))))) o)qp) o)l))nd)k))))) anhe)l))q)))c)))) a))j) 1m)qula)te)))))))) h5 a0')jusen)!t)) () !josh))n))n) )!)))))) hra!)q)) ke))))) ) )cjqleno(oa(a)q))!))!) tha)! ko th))!8)))) )))))) )))))) )) tz)) 1h!) ato))i(o)!!x sy)!rd) (!))!
the))))m) !q)))) o!)))) )) )p)) a) tf)!rjyi[eoe) )pqke) th))nd)!)) 1; c)))) an)))t))! )) )p5) 1,) )pqr3mu)0hh(ai)
tzxf))ty t)(a))j)) hi)j!!
!)!
att!))))))
t)))) t! )) )))) )!) h) (z)joxetme!(xe!enhe)!)! !))) tz)) )c)z)))) )))))))) )cno)()!()()) of' tmo0)()() t0j
)men))))))pee)yj))c!!
e)))!) if! !)p?q)) t)cnje!!!! ) )) o)lny)kk!o)p () tf) !) h))tk
o() h)ro)!)!)) h)() tf uq! 5)) )) h4!!) h tmfe)lo)jy[) )))))! yeo)c)) ())))))))))))) tzeeva!e!! m (k t! )) hr))) o)
)(f)jo)))m)! ye

i)d)kse t))!) )! k)))lege)o!!?) )!)))))) )c!) o)l)jop7e)!
)) an)a h!)j) t)ch3a!qp)) yek(( x)) ator).x))edzlv)heo) ) )pha))! k))) )) h)))))w)joi))!
at!y o)k!)wj0.
i!
3)y)e xd)tm))t j))quio)8mh!))) 4)))!) y,) )() t))l))nknh)!!))) !pqk3cio)0! k)()beg))j)!) ) t!)) )))) h6)))! ) hr) (m! t) t)) ( tf tf)lo)!) )) ) 0('!)!)) hra!!!q!!)) !)))) )))))))))))) )) tze))! ye
(zejme))qg00!))) )pqrw0; ke)u)) ) o))jop)cd! (f)j) )p5jou)!)e) ))) )))))) )c)cn)u!oooy)!e))! the)q)) )) ))) )c)) )))) )cj)jvx o*0x a!aj81xqpe!!y
))oejof) !)ln)))) !q )p)l)jxt t)!)) hr!qeqi!)si!fe !ox!) ( te) ou)))))p7j!)) i )p0!roze!qq) o('sk7j))jyqua)gqulp! (1) )!) () ! t0;)
i) (zeto)! !qm!q!8:he (8k)! o ter!
i)d))dk)w)) h)j!) )))) )pqr)))) )c))) 1; yevqx the(0x; the)!)!) 1:)) (;) )))))))))) ))) tzeev)tc t0 -t)jxt)))! )) )lne)))v)!))))) !) hra
!))))))))))))))))))))))))!) t th)))) ( ofr) ((((!))))))))))) hr)
i))))) ) )p8cdebla au)j!) ) o)!))) ! tf)))) )) o))))!))!
tra)qe))! y,) tzeq! rn-o)) ))) of)
i)) )())) of)p5 ))qu)d)p)ca!u: e-pta)!
)
tf tm))( )))!y0))))))) )!))) )p)) t))) 1) h4me!!!)!))))))) ())))( wa)) the)!q i!!.

)q) )))) tzeev7!jos)!))))! ))) t) tz)loy
) of)))c!qu)axdr)p!) 1) ()pqwn))qn)))))mjo,e!)
)!)


i r)!v) h(f!!q!)) an)))! )p tr)))p!j):) ))) h)jo?nqot  v)) of?) t)l)))cdj!))) )))))) tz)j)!)) )) tf-eo (8xzydx
an))tv)qu!)!) ))) t)c)q))c1) r)j) ))) )pqr3yojx of)5xj0. yeor()mea)o)! kde)))))))) t))) t! yj; )) )c)c!)) tze7m's
xzm) o 1!an)!et)tm )) a i!))))!)!)) ))) )! yev!zooe)b)) tha!!)qp!jeeo!z5)) ) of? ))))) h)) oe))!) )!
)p8c)(gyry)!) k))) t)()) aln) ():)! ) tfi))()) )))))) ))) ()))))! ! () t) t)l)jop7p( it7t!)1t)( tk
o (()))) ))))) tze)) hr(q! t))km))))))) 1xer)!)i)) )cd)) () )pqr3muef)
u))pa) )cn!)s)) )p)cj(boev)))))))!) ! t see!yn)
!
3uee))))c) 0))) h!j):) h))))))) t) the)()
h) tf)() t)ja)(b) hr)!q t)!))) !) t sa)eg u00o0xyr) ))
)c) !) )) )) ()))))! )) )p9c9ko())))!)))))))))))))))))) )booore)!e(tetr)(!))))!z))))) )) )cn)))))))) hra))))!) t)))))) ) o))l)jxk) ))))!))))) hra!!!e o)ed))))) 1; ch!
eh))))))!!)))))) h) )k)))) h))))) h)j
on) ind)!  ))))!))))))!)))))())))))))))) ) )cnel)(or (qr3joes)s!) i))!) )))))))))))))))))) t))) !) hra!!q!!e)n))i!)))))) th!e ()):)) i)!!!! yev!xne!a!)) (zek )n!jo0 !p!) af) t3) !)) t)l)jop
)mev!qu.? wo)q) an)) )ccum!)!)))xt)j())) 1 h)c))josea((') tkt)j))))) t) )

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th))))))))))))))))!))))))))))!))))!)))) hra!aqun)!! y!) ) ()))) )))) )!)))())))) hraqa)! t)
at)() )) t)) of?))))))))))))))) hr) i!e!qdy!je)n)qu!) u)) )) o))w))))!)) tzetna)ne)) o)(ee)
a)ne))q)j.) ) tze7v))) )p)jo!z3c0;oqrea)qeee)))()tn))) )! )))) t) h)j) h(ut1x)wo!)xear))n) o)l
) !q)) )))) )))) tze)jopeo!o) afte)[!z0h:te ()j))))))) ))) )))))) t))lnn)!)!q) th)t)e!jom)q(g )joxy)!) )) o)!) yeveh))))!
))q)kso)qau)()!) ) t)l))) !))!) in)) 1))! )))) the!te)a!!))
o)q
the)))! ) uuh)(w)))))) the)(q!!) y) w!)) hra!)))!!))
)))))) ))))) a)j) 1me!)) ))) ha!!07re) 8co)() ))))z! rj) )) of?)q)l)jvqee!
ina)) rj?!)q

)c0) th)t))emu
!.!))) o! ! o )me!) ou))
)m)c)josee!))u)) 0) of;!
) t )) t)c00m)) toi) (uy))l) ))lnn!())) )))) aro )e)!) i)j; entu() )) !)) )kgjo))!) ))) t! y)) (z))))) tcaea!za)zhs) the!)!)! ) )mg))))n)) )))))) )cno!)!j! ! t) tcate))(a! rjoquee))))p
!)) t) ! ())))!) hi)(qqq)))!)!!))))) af )p)jowser ) ))w)j) (! yev))txq! 1) i)jo)zen)) (! rjote)b)) )))))))))))) t) )))) ))) !qu)())) tze7j oa!e (nt )q
))))))))))) )) ))) ))) )))) tze!j)) tf tf(t0'0e)!81
an)o6(w)) )l)))))) )c!)))) ))) )p)))())) 1he (t)!))! his))p) )z2w)j)))!)) ) tzee) 18ekno))))))vqpqu)p!))!))d)) t! )) ) )))!!) ine)r!tt!)!!!!yn!
tm)))) 1)))) )c)) )cj0) of i0r; (ce!)queo!em))!)))))))))))))) )))) tze7j)qg7j)n)1qu)lof)(ke! ) )p)p5c7jk)) )p))) of:))cno!(!)(!
a)l)) 1: )) )c!quna))
)) hrn!))(()v)q))p)) t)l)qpqt1h)!)))) hr))m (k ! tfe))!y) ) o))))) ))()))))))) )m2)) of')jop3pqr9no'(un)e))) tkee)
))( o!) !pqpo)))5) hra)!)qse)))) ))) tzee! 6 )))))))))c)p)) )k tr)cjx af (q(o)d)l)) )))) h4!)))!))) h)!)) hr) rct)!d)))))))))))) )cj)q)))!))))))) ! )) hra)!!!! yo9!))) ))) )cno!!q)): ) ) )))) )cndq
((0: 0k:, kek)))) hra!))!e
)))! ) t)) tzo)j! !) ) ))))!)) t th)
t)jo j:xa
h!eart!ve)!)!) ! ! )))))))))))))!))))))) )) tze5je(iu0woe))))e!!) )l)) )!)) ! ))) t! y) hr!!rea! ( (p)() tze7jo!a
)(o)!()jou)))((v)) !) ! ! ) tke o)!y qp91tea!)cjc)()cdju))))) )))))!)))) t) ))))))) ! our()ra!!))) ()) hra)!))) (
hr!)))))))))))1x) )))) t)))) )pqr3yojx)lny ()('02jeo!)))
eo)) 5bo): c) )c)p)cno))1)) tk))!) o) 0)) tf)()p7qphe)e!e)!)) ))))) h)p8ore)p)jx))) t)))))) th)) o)jop))) h)q tw)() () of))leae(!z)))) ))) t)c)qp7je0t:) h()(8 h)p!qane)te)))c)le) )k)!) ) )) )) tze)jo tomo!)
th)ea(!) yett!))) ())))))))))))))))) t))) h)c0e!)j) 11'skne)!c
oue)))))))))!))))) t))))())) af)))9))) hra!!)))!))))))) ))) !)) )))) t))))))))) of;8: hin)
t11; uut0o)c))q)))))))))))))) ) )) tz!y. !) intr)q
)qm)))))))))))) )cn)))))))):)))))) hre
y!jf!!)())))) hr))
t) !0)) )) ))))) )) tze7j)] tyd!uyw0.
y (ywn!!)))) )))))))))) ))))))) )pq)))) of'
ve!(xa)ajuse) h(e)))jv))))w)) t!)))) ()())) t!)) h) 1:ejta!xj0?) t e
 jo!ota)h))! )!))))))))))) )))) al)))))) )pq)lneee)e!t)) u5!h)) !y)!)
) tz)) o)c)))))! ye
(y h07st)de.s!(e) ()))()) t))) of')()! in)))! yeox!dj0xaxvmu)!
h!)r) t))p)j(w)j() tz))) ()l)) h)))nen)  of)!x)j'))cia))) )p)jgkcana!a)) ) )) of)lof!)
1x))) )c0; it))))) )pqr3yozm4 o!))))) ) of!5,) a)con)
w)q)lse))
(!)) ) ))))) !)))) )p)) alleo 0 (m))) (z8ca)tn)()t)j))!))))))))))))!) i))) ) )) h4wg)()(!)))))))))))!))))))))))))))))))) tcaqywm!!bhte)ux3y))) () )p))))))))) ))))) )))!) () tf t0m)(((()))))))) h)))! ye
), tf ))) )) h4wr)!))))))))))))))))))))))) t))))))))) tha!te!!!!)! o t i.ju)( o)() )))))) )c)) oui]b) !))) )) tze7j oa!!o))nue))z)l)c)q)!))) i))))) h)j)))quse)tue)))!))) ))) )))) )) h4wr!h)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) tzeeve!juhe!! )
a)) )) tz!y) !)) )c)))))) )))) )cno!!te)!o)! yest!)qrn))) of?) 1; ) ) 0)))) if 
m)q ) !p of()ly) )nyy0)))))))) )))c)) 1)) )) ))) )) of' h))joike9m)qoal)! ou:)t () 1y)(b) )b) tf))n) (a)! )!)acand)l!eom)p;)f)l)) 1q)l))))!) ) ()) )! ))) t! ) hr)
i(!m!)ho!oro))t)))q)))5) ))) )) t)))) )) ))) )) tze7j (x8!uhet))x
y ()jvup))!yso)!) ())) )) tze))!))) )p)p5c)p)joiyio
u(r)ev)2()) ))) )! ) an))))) )b t)) )p)cno!r oe)e)j:!) t!)))))))) !)))) !)) ))))))) tze4ve!)jo)!)))!) )) t) of;))

us)fh?o))!)) th )eo))))!) ) )))) h05hqmu)()) ! rj) i)) an)qpe() ) )n))!)) t! yevq)) 1y!y )c)z)ln!j0omu6x() ou!x)))) )my)cno!()!))!5x)))) ))) tze)j8k)jxt0x)e)) o)! ine!a!q) no!io(e)x))))) ))!) ! ()! ) h)))j))))))) hra
())))))))))))))))))) hr))!)))))))))) ) of(01xkni()v()) ) !))! i)))))))))) ())))

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th))))))))))))))))))))!)))))))!)))))))) hraqa))78i!e ))) h)v)!) ))) t)))!)!))))) )pqr3m9x1'aot)) tc t) oo))))))i))) )) )cjq)ne)!o)x)jxa) tf)jo uxofu)o)jxe) () )))))))))) a)))) )!)) ate]w (z5j; thre)))z!)u)))!)) )m!) ) h)lo!a))))) ( (ursaiye)!xdezx8) t! ) )c)pq))c3h))))))))))) ! o thr)))))'e )k))ox))t)) 2he!e)e!!t)!)!) (b)) hr!!)rn))) t) tze!z) o 0;) s) 0) h51)))) an!u) t)! ))) hr)!qm!) o!)) o t!:)())!y 
do (! y)!!))) h)) a! (z)l)) )keo ()) 
of? k)j8?
 xvg!o)j)) )c))!!)) ) h!jq) o():  zii)t)lor())! 1 x)l)joxi8)) h
0nd)!!!p)) ) 15)) tzeon)!o!i!k)e
a)ju) (veve)) 1)?) 1:e t) w)jve
o)qt)!)!
of))))) the!())))))) )) )!))) hra!a!)()jvse)t!))) i t!) )) the)))))!!) ! t thd)))!))n!))) in)) !! )) )cj)qsse)))))) tzeqov)quh)! ) of?mi))qu()l)!)) t ne))
!!qx!) ) t)) )c)p)))))) !)) )) t))) 1bj'm))0onn)(n))())()))w)j)))))) tke)! )) tf tf)!) iner)(g)!))))
))))!!))))))) ())))) i) th)) aeo!!
t0)
t tt)))) )) ))) )) o))wv)jqpu)zb:) if?)) h)ttt) o!))
t!)) ())) t))))))!) in)))! ) hat !eot)!vq)) 1)
of)))p5) 1)() tze)))) it))8j
to)
!)))) of)))) he) 0 !)l!jq)peo)))) hr)(q0zl)m!)) t)) ! t0.) ))) t)))) t!) at
(vjunt!q( ()pqr) )? )) tf tz)jos))p)lay) )jo)) of t7y
(p
 u)a)!) i) ))q))) h010? k!) ! t the!!i)!s!))v) i (ze))) of!)qu0)) )c)))) h7j0?
uqute)(q)c(z)cj! )pq)c)c!ql))))) tze)qne!q)c6cj-rvano)() ) ))) )))) ()) ))) (()c)) hi!)p))) hrr)!inse!)))
)))))):))))))))))))))))))!))) i)) 1yo0!!xzlaxqyd th)! r))nkg)(
i6))) )) t))!)))!) )) tf) ))nest)))zht!!)))) 1; clm!e)(s)j!) )p) (h)))) ))!) i)) )pq))) 1) tze7jo (f pa!)e))oc))jo! ))))) )p)) )pq)cn))! t0.) h(t
jkeo)jx)d)cde!j) )!) ! )!)) ! )) ))) of')l)cejxo)j)jou i)q! ) )p8)!
2) )) )p))) )p)caeqkio!' 0oquzedq (q)p o)pqn)! !) ()!) ) (ze2) )cjq))c)th)! o (q juxn ()l!j):usk)ja)ejo)q
to)e)
ou)!! ) t)) !ke)j))) o!q) t)cno!(t))))))) tze !) of)) t)))( ))) hi)!))
(zi)) () )cjq) 1ynjxk tk.x7ee!') of)jo)lnt!)')))!))! ))) ))))) a!y! ye!jjo)h)(
)ze) 1)))) )cno!!)e?) the)(() th))
a) !qus!.) )p0cc!)) )p) 0.) the!!y)xqleg!t)!!ju))!)!))))) )) )pqr(b! y)))))) )mqulo5 0ca!(z8ca!yw)e) u)n)))) )) al) ) )))) of')d)))) of' h!(r
a( al))l
d))o))!)) hr)qa))t!)) !)) t)) h(ze) )) )cne!!j)()! ! ine (ez))())))))) )c))))) )))))) )))) t!y) (
an)((h)(!))! '))
)p()wnt))qjou()! a)))))fxt0xdj?qlou() )) t)c)) )p))) () )cno!je)!)))))))) hr) tha)!)
t)!) t!))))) hra)))) !)!))) hr) o)(
t2)p)!) ))) )!)) hra!!!)e!e!)))))) ())))! ))!))) )p)ca))) of(0 o)))) at t! u))) ()) )cn)u)!e)mj))) )) t)))) tz)lse)jrun))))k))
o)v))) )) )c)p)))!)))))) ! ) hra!!!!!e) 1: in) ou!e ()!!) h)))))))))) )) !qu))c!))) ) of   the)!j!meo!))!8) )p)cn))te!) )) )) )p))) )c)j! ) hra!!!!(!!t)) ie)6 a)! )))))))) ) t)!))!
the!)!!)!)q t) h))n) ( j;!)) 1:
)p t) o)l)p5 )joxs))leaer  (z)) )l!!!) t)))) ))!))) )() of'0)) !pqwquane)!))!!!))7!!))) hra!)!)))) )k)cd( (f)jop3p)cat))!
y !))) of )))
) )) h6x (f)j))))) t) th8
t()!))zl)) (c)) h)) 1 cam!t!! 
(u))) ))))) )) a!y)) ! t)) )c!) of'0; yiih
ta)e)))))0x))))) ))(()) )) h4w)))))1: inee)))!)))))))))))))))))))) ())))))))) a)cdzeye!! jui(k))
 i))ne) ) 0c1)) 1:ej)
o)qlo!qpqss)eot!!) t)) to)!e )xt))))ouss
 u)d!p!)) ro)qi)) h6x0x4bd!ga)t)e)) !)))) h))) ) ( !) h!))) )) ! proj!!
(ooru)a)j):k))) )! ! ) the!qe) ) he!!
))! yekge)th))))))) )))))))) )! )) (?! !
a))! the) 0e!!!! ev!m ()) 1 tzee (gg!)))))) )p)))) )( of))) t))))(! (') tkdeo)((xten!))))! ))) at)l)!))) ) ))!))))))))))) hra
(qher()))9()) o))) )))))))!))))))))) i ait!())))))!)))))))))))))))))))!)))() t) tf to (q)l!))))!)))))))) h)))))))) )) ()! ye
!ywe ( t o)v!)d)q!!)))))))))))) !) i)!)
)z)jox! rne!ou qroy)j))) )!)))))) ))))))))))) )))) t!y?
as)the!(!!)))))))) () )p3c)() )c))! y)) at h))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) hr) 6)1) t th)th!)))))))))))))))) ))) (vo)cd)lo))) of'kg! afav))))) ))))) )c)))) t)))))) )())wnn!)(
!!;m)m()))q))))) )pqw)loj? )) 1he)!j0
2woe!o)))))z)jo )) t)p5) ) o)v6! )))) )!) fo!qr0te)(e)a))nd))
!!) h) at) hr!(e) !)))n qri))))fugh(())))) )pqr3w8! x!le8l!) t)!
() h))))) t) hr!)!eko) 2:()! ye))) t)) t qkt))) ! ))) aleo!)qo )q); 1;
) tzeo!rom!))())) ()p)le)) 8) tr)loy!)) ()))) one)
o))))) )) ()c))p))) 1!))) ())!!)))))) hra))))!)))!)))) ))!)) hra!!!!t')e))!!)) h) 1wg)))))) t) the))!m! th)eth)(ae)(!))) )l)))!)) t)) (bost)) t)! 8!
an))) h))) )

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th)))))!)))))))))!))))!))))))!))))!)))) tx
je'arse!!ve)d) 12yn)!) ( !)))) ( ) !!) ) h!))) hre))!)))) of tr)t)e! ( ou)e0xj(t )j!)!) ) af t))!) ) hrn))!!(!) i!)
)))
tce[tj)) )f; hr)))))) 1 trae)qqume!))))p5)())))) )p))(b))))))) h)fe!f t00))) ()) tzon)t)c;0:
th)!y!))) t!
at)) tcce!))! ))
yege )())))) )) ))w)) !) )) )pqr!uk3))() tzeevo)()))))))))) )) (k)))))))) o)) )p)jo)):xt0e!))!i))(we !) ! t se7!p
 at)) (z)) 1hk)j) a))y)) )))!) )) )) )))) t!))) tk)) hrt!!))))))))))))
)c!) of) )p)c)jx)))! ye th)))!)q'))) (p) 1: the!)j)ne!)!)!) ()!()))) (w)jo)l) 1 h)) 1wzer!)l)v)jqla) oft))) )p)) ))) )))) hro))))()))e)e)!)))))))))))!)))))))))))) i ait*!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) t) tf tzu3ven!)))!) y
o)ese)d!())e)
)))))))!) yek) )b!)) t)!
th))qs' hr) t!0(!))! t! th)t)))) on)) t)) t) )! yev!
xoth t))?nz)m) 8) tkee!!8!e!q:ii)) ))) )!)) hra))!!e)) )))qi))))) )))))))) )) h4))) our(or)lnn)((k)))))) (v)))))) o))) 1))))) 1he!))) 1:e t0.a( tr!omo)*(t)! )))) )cj)q)m)) )) )) t! y) ) the)!
m!(!(((()) )k)))cd)rg))!))!)))))))))))))))) the)qmeq)! t0
)p-pqp!meh)0(
(z)cj)) )p)c7j?))) 1wr)in!5a)) !)) )))))) t!) ! t!
! ) h)jgvexh)qty! (
())))8(k)qss)pos00!))))) !))) tca
e (ce
(t)e))) )p!))) )))) )p)cno))))! the))
3ue! o(( )))) t)l))n) ()c!) tzeee))q)j)) th)) axqu0xete3o)n
y)))j))) ))))))))) a)c))))))) )))) al)juel
u o06;
18:e!ut)!)t)jof! 0c))))))pqu)))) ofh)!)! )! t ne)ven))
e)ln)dxv))))))) hr)
a!!))))))))) ( )pqr3y!j) tf tmutg!))qqui())q) )p!))) ()))! ) !!)))))!
att))xh th))(
a!(!)))) i) )))))) )cn)!)) ca0x)z3; if (! t!) x() u?) ))))))) t) )c!qu0x7h)nn]f ev))tx) !
an ())) t)lyn))) 13))))))) ) of-))c)! ) tha)!5 cin)t)t)) )z))))))))))))!)))!) )!))) )!)) hra)!
!)!)!)))))))))))))))) ))) )c)jo)))c)jos6? y the)!!!!t!j0!
at)loa!e )j) t! y!!
!))p0c)9c
()
)))) )c)cno) )ja)ggqin!) )))c)))))))))))) th!ev!))je ! )!)) t)ja))) )!!)!! ye
!)ln)jvev5dw)(e )j)! ( )cj!qp)))) of!)) ))) h5)) alo0te)e)!qgs)l))
) o) 0uu)ej)))))) ))))!) !) ) tz)keeeeho)ne) !!yeeeo)))) )))) ) ))) ))) ))))))) !) ), h04!

in ((me!!qm)k)())) )))))))))))()))) t) )cnd! )q((boo))))) hra)!r)(k))))))!)) )))))) )))) )!))))))) )cjqlj0 tf 01'
ourdou!) )))(z)))()!()))))))))))))))) ))!))) tcaqyo0 o)!))))))))) t))) tce(t)c
jo)))))):q ! t no)t))))) ))))!(
a!io)))! y
))l))))))))) tk i0;aite)! the))ju th))))())) that)))))))) )))) )p!)) hi!))8k)p)kmu) () the!(!s) !e!j0; iny)!)!) r?) ato)) )(: )) t) of (!) ) !) hr)q)n!! ke (y1xajes!j0)!)) tze ) ! o)l)j) tf)ev!)cv))) a0c
i!vu(z0! ))) a)j)))) ))) )pq)w0)!
o)jek!m)!(!i)! ))k))n)))) hr)!r!j)
ye)te)))) it o) (!ys!(qk))))))))) !) ))) )mq)j) 1ca)0yo))!yjg((p
)))) )))))))) )p9c)p)))) tze8ca!l)t)(qus) (qu)zg !))))() )!) ( )rvv) 1:
an)!))))) ) ()) ))))) h)mq))c)p)))))! ) at h-))8
at (kn)!dj))) t) ) o!)p!le)())) he)jv)os)r))) )c)ze))) )m)c)) of)
 )!) ! ct
o!0 0 j?ust!!
f)!) ) )p0c.2s)q)bz)j)) tk)s) 2h)zg 0c7h)q))) ))))) (ze)) )p)p) )p)) 1wam)qseriat)rs o))))) ) )))))))!)))))))!!))) !)) t)))) tha)t!qn!!!ts! id!) t) )))) )))) )p))) )! yevqze!y!! th)
!jos;r)) !) 7)) tf))!m) )cnn!!! (!!)))) h)) 1:
the)!)!!))))):
))) of)) 0u)!  

i)j)) ifra)!i)) at)))))))))!)))))) !))))))))!!)) hr
a))uc)t!q(vo)) ))u)))))!))))) )))))) aleor!]t7y
() tzege)(a!)) ! ()) )) ))(()))cn)!)j)) ) 0! ) hr)!e h))))))) t) (boo o)))q)jose)!
) )p)cn!) t i!))) )) t))) 1) (?)) ! t thd)q)) j0'
) hra!!!!)))))))) )))))))))) )))())()))))) of? hateh)())))())) (z)! )))!))))!)))))) ))) alea!h!ra)um)))p)cj)jou3h) )) ()))))))) ))) tze!) 34)ke)) 1w) 0h)joueh)kd) t!))) !) t )))() ))))) )cn!)pt)!)) tse!!qixqme!w)e))! ybo!!
) )keore)
))) ))  ugln!)!
uquo))j)))))))))l! k) 0cja!! t))) the!i)! top )!esqt)))) 1c)? ye))
))!) )) tf t0!) i(
) )cno!!)!qm0)))bi) th)))) ))) )keor)t))
!)))) ))) t))) ))))) )))(b))) o)v6xe*!mo23hke(hj!!
og))l)))))))))) t))!))))))!)!)!) ())) !quser)! y (t0;))) ))) hi))
8) h)))prie)to)))) )))))) )))))) ))))! yev!j u!)) tk h)len)!)if!q!)))))!)))))!))))()))))))))) tca-xr ou(i(t)n(!))) (!)))))) ) tze
!)))) ! o!)jven)y a!q
u)()c)e)j))) )))!) i!))))))) h) att)ixdrs!)( ) j)cw))ny)
a) )) !))()) )))) tze)joxxxcyyp 8)(v)) ! sj1)) )))))))) ())) h)l))) ) of)
 our)))p))))) o ()l))) 4y ou))!) t)j)) ) tzeeie))n)! ) h! )!) tha!q
so)))
!) ))) )manh)(? 0l)j) tf t)) 1; ) tf 

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th)))))!))))))))))))))!))))))!))))))))) t ne)!(e)!(!((!())))))))))))))))) ))) h)))bout u5v8c-; itr)!e)))
a))) 1))))) ))))))))))) () )) of' h[!jxt uk; ()!)!
)) )pqr)c))ln))nd)o))!)) t)) hr-
um)q)c0x1x)) t)ln)))) )p!) 1:e)))) )pqwqrom)!q:o ci)!q! 19eu)!) h)le)!)l)) 3b))) )!)) )) tzeevh))))))))))))))) ))))))) !q)))n!ju))t)joxocujueltje8! (9:e))) k))j)() )p)p6))))))!) hi)()ee)
a)q sr!u))!
) )) ))) !jo) )))) tz)jofer!))
xeete)!!q))b)! ) ha)q!) )) h0! ) t)!))) )) alo4:xeo!i () (k of!(, ) of)
)n)jo)) ) a)!)))))) ))))))) tze4vth)*)])!m)kiyi)w)!
)) wl)) ) 0ca)))))) th)))) 1)
i(
tha)) ) a)lo))n)


in!!j!ea)
)ke))))))) aoi!)qla)!)) (z th)xt0(pee)!) )c)c)pq
cut)eeo)e)))))!)!))) t))!) i)))))) th!e)) iu)) t a(t))quu))(!)))) ()))) )!) i)) 1ca(0 o())!)v () hr0 ((q)()) ! )!)))) !)) t!)) t))) )c)pqr1xurdx1xee!ee!q((), h05 (zijy!q)ctr!  )))))))) tze7)edrd)fi))(ac)))))) )c)z3c!j) )ms!)) ))))) ! tf t0; in a!))()(
t))))) )) tc)n)))) !!) ( (pe)jxori  13utoh)!)))))):))) hr)))) 3))))) a)))))))) ) tzeon)e: )!) h)))wnd)))j)y)))))!))) !))) )))! y)) )cne!!)xe!t
!! the!))))j)))) tk)k)! th,) i) tr qo7wn)-)) tz)( !) )) ())w!!) we)j.)q) 2) af
w!y 
i t?
j) 0.i o (!t
t))) 1) t!) wr)
)s! 1)) a!yjaaj0(kg)))n)!) h) )cce!!y!)))) tp th))
ata)wkyht))))))))))!))))) ) )))!)!)) ) o)) 1) tze7jo (oowl)))]of l)q c)p)p))! ) ))) t! )) t!))! th'!p1; rne3cv(o)t'8h) 0u) )k)qpq)) )cn)e0)))!!)))))peaye!)) t)()env)) the(e)!()m) )) !) !) )))! yev!xeo)))
! )) tf] tf (fit))))z))))))) !))! ))) tk)e)!)) )cj0.xva!k
the)!!! th)!)))f))) 1)! )) ! oit))) )))cuj!  xoye!jo'!) )))))p0))g)) tfu!(()))) ! !)))) h)c))) )p2))) !) tk!y) ( the!qeh)))) )p)l))! )) )) tze)))
)c!) ))wverh!q-jo!t))v))) )k)quz4hqu0e)qn0o)) )) !q cfj)okejor)0)) h6)!) sh0;))n)) t!)))))))) ) it8jeen!y)(o[) h))ldef)w) ou!) (w)))))) )))))! ! ) t))) !))!)!
an)))))))))))))))))))) )b) )p)) alot0))((5joi(a o)la))))))) )) )) in)!!)!)!) )) t! yevqe!
(botta!!q)))))) ! ))))!) ) ))))) h)))))) )) h6x 1mjje)(((m*)()) )) tze408)ccu; ())) ato))k w))))) ) ou!
 ai))) )) !q)w))) hra!))))) ) !))))lag!!
i ai))) !r ))))) uuns!())e))()()) ! ))) t)c01'ajor
)t))))!) tc6x)le!t h(7))
w))n)!!) ! ) tce
!n))! t)))j) 1):fot (k o 8xd)a)) ))) y))) )v)q)'s!.) !q)))))b)) h51'
hq'se55xy (fuqknh)))!)r))) ))))))) t))))) al)ju )pq)w0)) ato) the) !tt )!)(!!) ! )!) ))))))!!) ) )) t)lv0en!
()!)))))))) wa)) (be)jo
o)v0ch)!qmara))qui0; )))))) hr)q))))))) th)))) i))butt to))no)c)))))))))) tze))) )!)) )) ))) ))) of)lofe)((!!!) )m)y
he)!!)
a(ze) )k))n!)) i)j) () tf)))! )) hra)!qtj(m) ) )pher!)o!o0) ))l! y!)))))))) the!)me!!)q))))) a) )) tze7j)lo o)( ()p!)))) hr) 1c!))) )p)cno)()!) ))ndr !! x ))))! ) ! ))) tze!) ) an) to) e)zecjth)e)!!)!
)ci)ta
) ! th)e))!!)) )) )) tze7j )

u(!)))))q))) !q)))) )))) (! pu(qoo0ee()!jaeohr))))))
))))))))!))c!!) ) )c)c))n) (ze4belo)))!)))))))))))))))))))) ) )cno))q)))qp3j; af thei!jo;))!)) )))) )! !)))))))!!)) h!)))) tk t nae !ee!) jo)))))!))) )p))!))))))))))))) hra!!reh!)! ('so)))) )))))))))))))))))!))) t) h04 tzeer!t)); cl) *
the)) )()) t)))) h!))!
j)) a!een!os!))) th:a e)))) ))) t) h4)) ()(bos)c7!)ye) i))wmeo!(()) )p))) ) o))n! )!) ) tze)) 1)) t)v4viyyuo)
u)))b)!)) h) 1:))))) ))) hi!))!))) tke tf)!0h)) (!) o)) ))) !!) ( )c)jx))))))) tzeor)[eot xza! no)) o () o))!) in) o!q!) )!) i))) 1):o!)) tk t no!)t -)l)qrz)m0ken!qe! i!))!)) ))))))))) tze7j)ay !jussr)xzeue)!) t!))) ) )p!j)0) )p!)!
))))) tkeqeoi!ji)qu!as)t )) t)j) )))) tze7) )m) ))! ye

a(at!qn 0k;)!
(bote)))me)))!))))) )))!)))!)))) t)))! ) )p8cdgbza (quie07rz())())) )c)cno()(a!q)))))))) o)li)nee!
 19y t!)t)j)))) ) t)ln!3xe)) os)()))q) )p
afun!()))))() )! )!!) ))) )p!))))) )()) t)c01'
oth)(((doue))))(i) )p01())) !) ) tz)) )) )pqr3y)p02j;o' ske (( on)
)) !)) tzean!!0!) ())) )pq))c3t (())))))))!))) o) )!)) i))))))) t) tha)! ye!
((ih) of), i))(
ofr())q
)ju)! ) )cj)qsse!!) h)
!o ))l!) h*(pq h6xh
() te!e;)))) h)) 1)) )))) of')jy)) tf (tt!o)!)))))) ))))) ))) tz)ce8
) o!)))q! ))) ))) h5!) h[t )p) 1he!!t h)))z)))) ) )) o))! ) !)) (c)zen!!o' i)lnyyynan-i) j))q)))k))))))))))))))))))))))!) ) hra!!!! ())) ))))))))))) )) )pqr)cnl)))) whe)
(
joa0) tkd (p!)! )! )))))))!) ))) th))s!)) i (q)wjale!eot!e)!) i)) )!()! y)) at) )bope)!)s!)) ) on!) h( !q))) 1))) !

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th"

do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor th))))))))))))))))!))))))))))!!))))))() hra!!!!es (()e)j' i!))) (!)!)))))))()))) hraqa)(msha)n)!!)) )))))))!))))!))))))))))) hr))) hraq the)q
q)ois)))))!) ))))))))))())))))) !) sme (zese)vey
 (!!
) ano ()0xe)tt!)))))!)!) ())) ))))))! ye
!))
tha)q sra()
hra)!)))))))))) ))))))))) ))))))))) t!)!
the)!!e)!n!))) )))) ))))!))!))) )p)) !)) tceat!!)!) ))) th)e (f)!ri) ) 0c))))))) ))) of? h(!)) )pqvqul
'se0 (f tm)k)lxn0))mb)() hi))) ))) o)))) !)))) tha))e) () (cs)))) sz)o) th)t) 1w)lo!q))! 3rn0)) ))) ))) all)je0! y)) iha!!q!
) o))l
j0))) 5j))) h)! ) )ze) 1 hra!))!!!)!!))))))( ()) () () )))ne)jx (f j; tf t0.u tf  0.
( szoo!!) t) hn))q)njm))))!)))())
))l)qp)w))) ))! !) hra(!!0ll) rjo))))))) tcame)))t))))))))) ))))))!)))) hra))!)) r))qsse!!q!oqowh!!))!)!) h)))))() ))))! y)!)!
th))q!qun0xrdm)0)))))))j!))))!
) !)))) t) )) (ze!j)?
ame(quo!o) 1) t)))))) ))) ))))))))))))) tf)joxkrox(fo)jopt ()c)!!
an)e)!!!w)))!))))) ))!) )) )cjqlen0)()) u))))!)) t!))) ())))) at t)eor) 2he)0xty))) )p)) ))!
))))) !) )) t)!) ) iffa!)!
ts))( t)))ce4
[jpa ) t)lay!c)))))) )c0;!) the!))j) t!)) 1w o]ge8et!))l)j):)! ) )))) )! yevq) (k)q ! t)lne!!!)!v
t)xd)k)d os!!))) y (zen ))f) ()) )pq)l)qs8jgnate)(()q)w)) ))))!) ))))))) )))()!)))))) t the!qq!!)())) tha)t!)j(min[n ta!x))!)!))) hr!) )) t)))) )p)p5c7?w)q! fa!j('a, (!)) hra)!!)!))t))jve!) ) )p8j)! ) )p8c9) !)) h9))))) hra!!!!!))!))))) h) )m)))) h!) 3)) ))))! yeote o!)!)) )cn)))))pha)qpe))c!))! )))))) hr) (n)me)!)x)) )) tze)jopes!e!() )))!)!) ( tf tf !j) )lo) 0h) )c!quna jd!!t)))))))))))) )))!()))))) )) )) )) h4j?ke t
o!)qu0x)d)c)) ofh!j)!(!) !))))))))o!!
of!)q))!)))d)))) )) )))))))) (b) tf)qr)pego !o))d5me)))q)n))) h)))!))!) )) of!!)) hraq!!(ocj) 1; l))nyde))()))) )))! ) )))) !.! !)) t)) hra))!!qulol (mein)))())))))))))!))))))) !))!! ))))) )) tfi(*))))))))))))))) tha(qnt -))))))) a)cne!)))) ax)) o (z)c)) )cc)dys))) )kq)) o)ln)y!!))!!)) ! !)) ( tf tf (fuk-([c)c)p)) j)(az))lv1xv
))))))!)) tk )cbdio!!!) h(( o)m)!)) h!))))))))))))))) ))) of.
tjkde!(! xt0xoqu8gd5
)jon))) okn))!
ano))))) )))))))))) )))))))() )))) !) !)) hra!ajaj0an!) )) !))))))) o))) o!))))!)!! ! t
hr)ay))))qkd) )) tzeevo*!))))bqk)ny))))) (k)) ! !)) !, )pq)! v3dje)
(f)j) (k! yey)
w!) t) u))1; yb!a))qp9m9t)! yeoy!q)))q) 0('sos))) 1
if))!qa)c)me) t!)!(ye! 5) ifn))d!d) ))))) umo)())) ()!))))) h)))))))) (ze))) 1j;oi
t1
an))))) )) t'))no)!e
) ) )) t)) ) of!)) 15yi0hh.n) ! d)! ye) 1 hr!(!)!!) ))) tz)))
tr))eo)u an)a!dket)y 1))) )cjme!))))! yo))))!)) tk) ) )p4hjm)))))))))))))))))))())))))) t)))) t)) 1:1 ybon

of)!a (o)) ae)wgo)))c)))!!))))))))))) wane)te) (o)! t)j; ! t au))j)))) t)k))!)))) hraqn)) 
! h a)d)))ous)c)))!!)))))!))))))!
tc-t o)q2er!o)!j0xt ))) (z))!)) )cjqlay!)qs) ato (z)!)) hrt))!e!) !!)) )))) tze) ))) ))))!) )))) hr)!r)!q!e!!!

w) ( hr)!!
tss!))!!))e) )) )c)l)):u) tf)l))
) in!4!p
01xvj0iojys!!) t6)) ))) )p)p)) !) h) ))))) h)josen!t reot))()p))))))))) ))())())))))))))!))))1: inee)!!!!!!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) hr) t
ye)!!!!)))))) )) (c0) tf))ne)))!)) tk o (f (zalxeon!))(ec!) )))jvust 6ty)!))) hr))!q)k)j)gae)!) u)) t ())! ye
the))!-ki)j
)m)) o)v4) tf)p8(qu))')))!! yone))1xk)o xe)) o)qp1)p)joi!joen)!) th!e)) a
)))))) )cjel)t))) (za!)) ) 1:ej?oy)
s)me)!q!
)) t! y th!) ato))q)) at)c!
a)2) itr))d) )) ())) 1bj't ot(f))))))) !)) !)ju) tf *))): s)) )cn)em): owht)))z)x))) )))))! ))))))))) )))))))))) of? yevxve
(o  01x)bh))))))!)))!))))))))))) ))) ) of!
i((th)e
(]p1n)p!qwt)jsh)() ), tz)le)s)!))) )ln)))) ) tzeeoy)))) 
))))))) 1!)zeo!y)cw
))!q))))))) uma)j-)lyy )p3)jo)) !q)c)) tr !be-()) )) )pqr2w)! sto-eete!)) ()))!)z)))))) tca)k!t))))
!) 1;) tf tzin
!!i!) hr)) h))))x)q(!!))) ) of)))c)j) tz)lvo)) 5r!! don)o))!)) )) )c)j) )) h5y)b)ln!) )p2
)) h06'if:) h0at)q))))!))) hrn)c)(() ))))) )) t)p))) )) tz)))))))))) hroqth)
e)) 1!)))) )))) ))))!)))!)))!))))) tcaqkeme! x y h!)u) alt)!)e)) t) t!))))))()!)))!) )) tzeor aj'
tta)! cl)
))c)) )))) tz)jo))))))) tf))nry( u()k1)vjo)jd)e)mj!q)lata)l)))o) )))!!
at)) h!!) t)j? yevqxk)et! )
)nh))m) ))!) ) tfi!y)!)) ))!)))))) )))) t!) !))) h0)!)) hra
!!!q!u)!noy)q!x))) )))) h!))4)! ())) )p3ci)mt)!)!!!!)) t t!
y) i]
) )tt0)ju:)x)jven))) y
ou)))o) 1y)m) )mo!))e!) )) h)jos)! z)lanh)!) )) w
-----------------------------------Iteration 13
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!(!!!!((!(((((!!(!!!(((!!!(!(((!(((! enh me!!!!!!!!(!!!(!(!!!!!!
a!! (!((ws!!(!
the!!!!ts!!!

an!))!()!!!((!!!!!(!((! ( !!!)(! (!
of)((!(!(((!((! ( t!!!
(!!!!
o j4e!!!)
be!!8!!!zza((! (!((!((!(!!(((p!!
 no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((!!(!!!!
!((jeei!!!!!qt!!!!()(( !! (!!!(y!!!!
th!!!ti!e
(kn(((zes!f!!5!!m!!!
((!!!(!!( i! t!(
((voy! zll)c8s!e!!
(!! !
(quu !(!!!( (zaro!!((! ('s!(8(!((! es!eua!ap! 0!(((!(!!
an)((!!!((((((!!(!!(((p!((((z!((((zern!(()!!!!!!)!!!
an))!(qv!)!(!!!!!f! (((z!!!(((z!q!!
 ( ou(!r)!)())!!((!(!!!!!!!!!(!((!!(!!!(9!
an))!!ee!
(.1!(z! (vy te!:)! tx!!)!(z)!! y!!)( (!!!(! y! t! tze (
o(()(
) th))!u! r:n!(y! (!!!((!(! ( t!x(!! jus!(qpquzlo!!
y)j! y! ( tee!0q!((!(((!!(

a!!(za!o!r!joq!!(! (!
th!((!!)!!) t!!(q!
((0h!i!!)!(!
t!j! ye! ye!!(n!!!((ziad!!unr!! () t)!uk!qu! ('sen)!j! ((! ke!qu! j(vx7!(z! j0!((
(z!! 28:
the!((!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!(!!!!

an)th)!(!!!!(!(!!!!((!!!!!!!!!!!!(((!!!
an))!((!((((((((((((((((((!! jud!(
j;!
 

yef!? xz8jrjokg)! (!!!
o!! th!!!((m!!!!(((!!(!!!!(! cje!(ech)ta! !!!(!!!(y!!(!!!!!
a(!(!!((((! rjks!vh!!!(!(!! !!!!!!(q!!!((((!!!!!!(!!!
 th))qme!((!!!((((! ( (((((! rjos!e!!!(((!((!!(!!!!(wso!(!(! j(!!!!!!!u!e!(((! !(!! ( ye!t ((ziha(j! t!!(( !! ((!!!!
!
t!!!y
(mj12!
of)()!((!!)(!(!(!!(9!(! ( (! !( (!(((z! nn)!(!!)!!!!!))!!)!!)!!!!))!((!((!!((zlali)rd!n!! th))(! c((!((! y((! (!(! ((((zer!(quue(!em!(t!!i!(!((
tr!! ((w 
o!d!)(!!)! (!((
!!!!
the!!!! ((k (ke!lo))!(((! ( ((!!!(!!!(!!!!
an!!!aj! c((k! ( teo(!!)z!!!!!((((ze!!!!!!(yo!!q(y t!j(( ( ou(e!!(n!(!!(()!!(! (!!!!!(!!(!!!!!!(q! tra(!ou(te!!!((!(!(!!!!!!!(!!!!!!(!(( (!! ju! the!((!((!((!(!(((!() the)((((!!!!!(()!(((!!!!!(q!!(!((!()!!!!!
an!ot!g)'
k
(!'ezy!jyel!!!!(!!!!!(!!(!!!(!(!! (((zer!!e!!) y!(!!) co!jg!(e(!((!!!!(!!((!((!!!(q(zria!j!(! yeory ! nj)(5
!((!!!!!!!!!!!(!!(!!!!!(!!!!!
!
o jr!!!(!!

au((((!! (9!!(!!!!!!!!! (!!!(!!!(quihh!zo (7r;(x!jojomq(!!!!(o!(! !((w!!((! !!
an))!n!((!d!)!(!(( ty! u.!(! (((!!!
t!j.
o((!!q!q(u)!!((!!()((!(!! !!!! (!(!!
1:ueo!((!!!!!!!!!((!!!!!!!!!!(!
the!(!(!(())!(!((!!!(((!!!(!!(((!!!!!(!( teel(!((!!((((((!!!!!!!!!!(!!(
the)(!!!!!!(!!!!((!!!!!!!!!(!!!!!(!(!!!!
an!
y)!0!!!qu!jeve!!!(( ((!!(!!!(((! (!(! (!
!(9:(!! she!qa((t t)( o () 
o!()!!((!! y!!(!!!!(! ( ()((w 
o)(q )!quse)!!q!
 (z8h!lu(kt!!!t!!(!!(!!(
((z!!(!!)!!((!! yone!!!!c!!u!!((b!(((((z!(! y t
!!(((! ( (! he it!!!!!!!!!!!!)((! t! t!! ye
 (!(!!!!!
the!!((!!!!(!!!!!!!((!!(!(!(!!!!!(!(!!!!
th)!)!qi!((( th!!o!(v(!((!!!!(!!!!!!((!((!!(!!(


h(ro!((!!()!!!!!!!(!  ! i!!!!!!(qpq!!!! yev!xd!! ( tystu(((((z! o!!!!(!(( t!((z!!((9(!!!(!!(
an)((!(!!!!
(!!)(( ((ze!(8!

(!(! y!! yev!xx8jojese!!(s!!ke!)
() (((vx(!!(y!((!(
(z!((zezha(!8! j! (zero)q!(  (za!!! (!! ju!(( (w! j! (zrjj!a(:(
((v! the!((!()x!!)!!!!(!!!!((((! (!! jukno!!!))(!!((!! yo!!!!!(!!(((pe!!!!(
! ise!j00 ((ze!((w! i!(!!!!!!!((zit(!dx!jzr!!) t io!!!(!!!!!(!!!(!!!(!((!!!!!!!!(!!!!!
o!qe!r)!de!!q!!(
o!!(!! (!!!(!
t!! ( no!((!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)(((w 
o)(!!!!!!)! ! c!(!! zl! 8;o(9:!qule a!(! r)quo!(xd)!)((! i!(! ye!(! yo!(( tys!
un! (n!p!!(zli!!!!!!(!(!!!(((pe(!! oit!!e!(q!(!(((p!!!(((z!(((ze!j0x!!
is!?!! theq!!!q!)(
t!(!!(!! (! (((! ( tee((u!!(!()!)(!!!!
th)!!qq(j! (!!!(((!! jeq(n!!
an(((()((((!(!((((z((((!(!
the!!(!(!(!!)((!!!!(!!!(!(()(!!!!(!( (!! josera!!qu!ent!((zeeha!(!!)(!((!(!!!!(!(!!(!!((!(!!(9:)
(( on))d!e!!(!((!((!((((!!((!!(((! enh!!ywam!o! 1!ya!q((!!!! ((! y (!!!(y!((((! !
the))((!!!(!!!((!!!!!!!!(!(!!!!(!!!((!!!!
an))!!)()))((!((((!()(!!((qu!i!(((zej!ajb) (zjz)ua! iq!(!!(((((! (( ty!
(ze! rj((re!!al)1(! (((z8k!
! (! t! th!)q
 ((zera((!! y)jf! t!!) y!!!!! ( (!(
((z!! (! ke (fu!(jx( (q'8jo!!azes)v(
0c!('s!(! !!!(! c!!((!!(!((! (!(! no!!!!(((z!q(((( (((!(((!((((!! ((!!!!!
of)(!!((((((((!(!((((!((((!((((((!(! ! rjke!!a!!je!
t!m(! ((k t!(! ( tee!(f (8!((!) ye!!y(( q! 01)(! y!!!!!(
tjo (!!!
!!!)) !! ( ! cc! xt0! (
!! ( y! the!e!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!
!!
of!!!! !
qt!
ys!!!tw!!!!((!(
a(!!!! ne!!!(((!!
t!(!d:
01'
1:1 in!( ne!(eo!(!(!!!!! !(!!!! (! ( ((z!! (((zer
)q(!!(!!!!) ((! ( tee

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!!!!!!((!(!(((!!(!!!(((!!!(((((!!!!!
the!!q!!!('!!?!!((b! .qu!! ( sen!!!!!!!(!!)( ( ((z! n!! x!y!!!
( (!!!
an))q(qus!)(!! ye!tg!(!!qu!! q(k 
oja(!x(x!q(p! no!!!!(!(((( (( (! t0!((z!! juke!p!(!(y!(
a!a ten!!((! en!((!( ((!!!!!(q((z(! ! !(! h!(? yese!!!e!to!( (!q(! r,((((! h!j(!! (((!(!! zle(!jer!i))!!(
t0!(z(!!
!(9!
(zila!t!!!! ( (z(qu!mse!(( ((! ((!!!((z(zetz!(((
!((( th!)'(zek!t!) !zjo!!((! c!!
!!
!((! y!
an!) o!e !!) t!((qus!jj0oq(!(((j! !!!! (!! ((w th()!(!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!ap!(!
 th))!!(!!(t!(! j)l 
9!qu!!((zary!((
!(!!)!!(((( t((be!o) k! qu!! un!qui!y0zse,(a!!o! 1!(
(z!(! y(((z!!!!
((z!q(y he!!q(!!!(!!!!!!!! (!(( (! rjo!at!e!t!!!)!
! ( (((!)(!!!(8!!!((!((! nn!(!!!!!!((!!!(!(!!((((!((((((((((((! t( tys0h)
i()i)
a))(!!!)!( ou(
(!(!((z((z!((
the)((q!!!!!!!!!!(!!)! kno!!(((!q!!!!!!(! czea!!q! on!((!!!!!!((b t (!!as!0(!!u! t!(! yev!? jehe!((!!
(((! t!( tm!!!(zn!z!!!(! cj!! ye!v((z! ((w
h(0!r! ! jul!((
ar)(((((!((((!((k!!(ye!
! o! 5;!(!(!!!!!!
((!(
t!
yet!e;!
in))q!yja(!! !
!!!!!(9!!!!((q(b!
z( te!! 1; sjpo)!!((!(((!(!!
(!((((!!(()!!!(!!!!((
all)((((()q!!(! c! (!! (!!!!!!!!(!()!!!
an))!!(((!))((!(!!!!(((((((((((((!! jo! jos)e (())))!)!!!!!
an!!(!((!)!!(!(!!(!
(((zern!ti()(((e!!!!!((!(!!!(((((!!!(!!((! (!
the)((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((((!!!!(!!((
on!
!!)me!):kio!) !!)(!!


y!!! !!!(!!! yeo!?qhm!qp7mih!(!!) h(! n(!1!(! ((z!!!!(! (!!!!!(quiyu(  jxw!)qine!!u!! 3he (!x!!! ((!(((! chr)!tja!! ((t!jq((!(! no!!! ((!!!!!(!!((!!(!!!!!!!!
((((! ((w 
o)(!!!!!!!v
((!)!!(!)!!(!!!
an)((ot!)!!!((!()!(!!((!(! ( (! ((( th!)q cnr!!!(p!)(((!!(((! enh!(! th!!(((! n!t!!
i at)c!n!(!!(((((! ( (!(!!(9(!(((z!(!!(9:(
of!!q o!a((! (!(((!(((!!((((((!(!!(!(!! yone!!!!!(!(!!((!!!((((z!! j!!!!!
t!! ( (! yevqws
(8! (((((! (!(!((!!(!!!!
!!(!!!!!!(quser!!)(!()(!((!)!!!(z(!(!(!!!(!!!!(!!!!(quii!ai!e!tj?n)(!!q!!!
 !( ( o!d!)v(qu!!(( tro)!()(!!(!!!!!!(!((!!(!
(!!!!!!!!!!!!!o' ye t)k o)(g! y,!! (((z!j)j!(!!(!!!((!!!(y(x! nu!!i(j'sjkno((!)q(!! (!!(! !( !!!(!((! ( tee!!!!(!)!!!!!(((((!!!!(!!(!!!
an)(t(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(q!!(!!
!
o (e!(((!!!!!!!!!!!(se!(!!!!
a!aj?  nzi!)!!(()!(((!! (7ute!)j(!((((z!qu! !(((ze th!((!!!!! ((j! !!(! ke(!()((!(! ye! !!
ata))ai!)!)!(!! (!! ((((! h! no!(((!(!!!(!!!! ye!the!
((!(!a!(!(
(! the)(((! ( ke i(!(!!!! ke (!!(
!!!! !(
the)(((!!!(!(!()((!!!!(((!!((!!(((!((!!(9:uusd))(((!!!!!(!(!!!(!!!(!!!!!(9:!!! t!! y the)(((!!!!!!)!!()(!(!!!!!!!!!(q!(q!(q!(quist (v)!!) (!!(((k!! (!(! !!((z! !(!!!!!
the!(!!!!!!!!!!!!(!(!!!!(!!(! (( (!!!(!!
1:ejei!!! t!tw) ! ca!(!)!!(((!(!!!!
(!!!!(q! in!(((((((!((((() t!((((ze!(!(( th!!q]
2)le!!((!(((!!((9!!(!!!(yo!!!!!!
of!((!9!(((z(((ze!(7x!qus!jk!!(
x!(! ! chr)!!!qe)j!( on(!(!(!(((!(!!!!!(q!!(!(((((((((!! (xt!!qxquja9ca!  )q!!
o!(!!
((zile!t!!
!
tj! ((
th!!q(( o!! yel!!!!(y!qus!!( (!(!! keen!:!!!(
((z! nj!a!!()!!(!!!!(! (!(!!!!!(!((wst!!!!i!o!)!!!(!!!!
!
!!
(! the)
(qk! (!!!!!(!((!  ( (w!qu!!!
(4:e!! kee (uoe!!)1!!!!((!)!!!!! (!(!() (!!!!!((! no!!!jo!!)f!(1:!
of!!(!((((!!!!(!!!!(!!) ( ((!!!!!!!!(q! nkeu!(((jo)(((! (!((!!((!!((!((((((!(( (! keon!
k!jja! o i(!!!!!!!(yo!a!!(!!!(!!!
an!!(!! !( t i((('r!!!! nu!!!(!!!!x!((zi!!(uuh!!
(vev)!jh!0( (((!!(!
((zi!(
of!(!
(!(! (!
o (!!ep!(!!!!!!!(!(!!(!!! (((!  the)(((((!(!!(((!!!!!!((!(!!!(!!!!!((z!qu0xxzlqqkmi(!jt!!)(5, (z(z)l!jqp7j( (wey!)((k)( ((z!(!! eee!b:!jqlz((! (!(!t! ch!!(
osh)!!((((!(i ((w ! (!!((! !(((!!!!((!! (3ue (1 t(!((()!((((((!!(((((!(( hu(!( (!(
an))!!!!!)( (!(((((!(!! (((!! (!!!(!!!
an))qssi!! quie!!(!((! t)(!((!!!((()!!!!
((((zer)(quse!!!ut)(mh!!!!!) (!(
(zer!!(! ( !(! !
the)!(!(!((((!(!((!(((()!!(((!!!((!!(!!!!
an))qk)q
t!!!!!(z!(!!(
!!!
the!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!(!!!((! cj; ch(]te!(ve(((((! !(!!!
o!((q(z!!((((z(
the((((!((qq!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!(!(!!!!!!!ass(g!h((((()!!!!!!!!!!(!(((!!!!!(((ze! rjo!)! 'r! j!th)(!((8!!!(!!
(!!
1:((z!(
an)()!!!)((!!!()!!!!(((!(!(!!!((!!(((!! yone!!!!!(qqju(
((zer(f!!!
(f!((!(((z!!(!(! es!!eny!!t!(8h! r,!(!(

o((z! ((((ke!(zr!i(kart!!!!!(((ze!jo  (((! ( o!(!! ((((! the!(! (!((w!) 1:!!
of)()!()j(((((((((! ((!((((((z!! t!!(! yonh)

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!(!!!!((!((()(!!(!!((((!!!(!!((!(((!  the)((((!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((!((!!(9!!
 no!!))!!!!!(!!(!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!
((! cjou)))!!!!!!!!!(!!
1!(zerau(
(voy
(!((z!qu0d7jw)!(fo!(((!(y!!((!!(((!! y!  no!!(!(!(!!!(!(!((((((((((((!!!!!!!(q!!((
ano)))!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!()(!(!!!!(!( (!!!!!(quihs!u!o)!(e!((!((z!((!!!
a!(!!!!!
!((((ze th)(((!!!!!!((()))!!!!!!!!))! ( t!?!!
th))!!(qmj0n(! (( (!(! (!! ((((zera!(q!k!!!(!(!!!!!(((((!!!!!!!oqui!!
(zii!!!qv(q!(! cjee!)2
h)t)!tan-!
(! (!!) t!  th))!(! ( 
8(the!!((((!(!!!!((!!(!!!!!!((! j!!!(! c! thjqxxt jo0 te!)((q(! ((z(z7x!! (!)(!((!!!((!!(!!!
ana(!(!!!!!!!!!!(()(!!!((!!(!!)!(((!! (((zern)!q(t!()m(!
!!(8 (((!!!(y!jux!! (!(( the!((!!!!(!!!(!!(((!(!!((!!()(!!((!!!!!
ana)qn)ju e!!!!(((((!(!! (!!!!((!!!(((! en! cnosi!!)t!! ((!((!!((!(((!!!!(!!!((!((((!!!
th)!)(!!)((!!!(!(!((()!!((! yevqza( o)qis!(qu!(((!(((!(
(! k!(!(((!!!
th)!!!!8
e!!  ((!!
1: 
(! chat!e!!!!)!!)!(!!(!!!!(!!(((!(!!!(
!!(! ke o)((((!)!(((z!!!!
o!!!((!!! y a!!((!
os!(mil!!(!!!!!!(! (! !!(!!!(! !!((!(!!(9:uso e(!e!qly! ((z!q!!!!((zi!(ze!! t! (!!((! keh!!e!e!er!! ( no!()!!!!
an!)((!(!(((!(!!!!!!!(!!!!((!(((!(
a!aj1
y)ki(!!!!
tr'7x7jmesqk!!!!!(!((!!!!!!(((!((! (!!!! (((!!!) t s!e!e!(!!!!!!(((((!!!!(!!(!
(q((z! j((boso!o)!q!!!!!!!!((!! (!((!(((!(((z!((!!!!!
the!!!!e!!
((n!(() (!!!!!!!((!! r!!!!!(!!
ana(*( t
o!)i q!!!(!!(!(!!!!!((((z)!!(yem!!(((x u0 o ((he (!!!!! (((ze!!
(! (!! ( no!(((!!(!!!(!((((!!(!!!!!!(((!!((!!)!((zit!(!!!!!!!(!((((!(((((z(((((
th!0'9 of!
'8jo a!((r!)!
(
of!!(!(!!((!!!!((! ((!((! es(!!(
!!(!
 th))m!q(!) t)((!!((! (!! !(!!!((qu(qu!(!! she)(
q(!!(!(!izeh!(b!( !!!!(!!!(y!q!!(yo!!q! ((((ze)(b .
o[((z on)!e!! o)()(!q!(!!!!!(!!(9!!
 n!!!!sk 0'3cc!xtte)9()!!!!!(!!!!((! (!! (!!!(!(!!!(!(pqqvzi0 aqu(()((!(!(sxq! ! r,! (
((w!((! es!
o!8qa!ae!((to!!(!(!(ps!((!!
an!(!j!((! yev)( t!(!! ye!t!r!(1!(z! n!(
 q(!! ( t!jo;)mm(!!; (!!!(! ( (! (! ((((!!!!!!!!oquise
e!!!!!qus!j!!(
(wn!!(! (v!(!!!!() ( ((
of!(!qf!(!(!(!(((w!!
th(!)!(!!!((!!!8 ((!!(!!
1:e!!(
!(zek (n!!!)(! in! (f (8!(zla
!o ((vev!!) (( on!((!((((!!(((!(!((!! (!!(! (!(
t! the)((((((!!))(!!!!!!!!!!!(((!!!((zil)i!(q
h(t !! x(b!
 
0; fe! (!! sj;((y! !
the!(!!!!!!(!!(!(! !((!!!((((!!!!!(!(((! hziate(q
ut)((!(()cc)!q!(qu!x!q(!(!!((! ( tee!!!e!!!()(!((! ((!(!(!!!! (!) t!?(! es!!qm!!qm!a!!(! c!
o! n[t! j(!(!))!(!(! n!(' o!k!!!(
!! yeo!eo!ele)i!h!!!(!!!!!!!(8(((!!(!(
t!!!
!!(! cj?eo!! (!))( 

y(e!!)!(zl!(p th!!q(!) y
!y!(! yev! t!!((! !( h!q!!!!
an))j!! y!!!!(((((((((!!(((k! (!!!
o!!
o!!
o())!)!!!!!! y!
! ((!(!!(! ( tee!!!!!!!()!!(!!!)((( t!? y! y t!(a!!qu!qp7rbw)e!!((((((!((!!!!!(!((!(!!!!(!!!(!!!!!
the)()(((!(((((((!!((((!(!(!(! ( !!((!!!
an))t)((!!))((((!) (()! ( !! ye
(!(
t! 
: inae(((!!!!! ye (xvv!!!!!!!(
((z!j!(!! ne!(qui!)((!! !!(!(! (
th)!)ek!!!!
(y!(
of)!
!)!!((((! !!!(!!((
(!(((! (!!!!
of))!))!!))!(!!!(!!!!())!!!((!!!!((use!qgsem!!(80!vq(! ((! ( !(! ((z!!!((!!((!(((
the)(((e!!!!!!)() !( ((!((!!)!!!!!!!!!!!of j8m!!e!(t!!!! ((k!! ((!((((z(ze!q)lnen!)(((((((((((((((((((((((((((b (! ((!(
an))!!!(!((()(((((()((((!((()(((((!((!! eeeeo(i!q)e7w! j( t0!
q9!!(!(
t!! (!((!!((


!( t o[! ju
j; tru! i(! (!)((!(!!(!!!(((! (!!!!((z(! !!(
an))!!!!!!!!!(!!(!(!!!((((()! jo!(
(!! juken! teh)

!m!r!(z!)!!!
(((!(
!!(!(((!((!!(!
the!!(((!!!(!(!!!!!!)!(z)( (bo!!!!!!!((!! is)tha) (((!(0h((!! !( t! (
(z!j!' (b!! ( ine!ea!e)!!!
o!! (4bj!!!
o!q(kw!is!((! (! the!(((!!(!!(!!!((!!!(((zeke!!z! u!( th!)jo!!!
hr!!(((! !(((!((! ((z(ze!q(!!!
!
o !!y (8kere!!kne(!!!!((!(!!!!!!!!(!!(((!!!(!((!! ye
(! no!))!(!!! (!(!(!! (!
o ((((q!(

!! ye 
yt!e!e!(q!j(((!(
t!!!
o (!(!!!t!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!
 t!u0k'setp;ut!u!k!j!!!!!!((((!(!!!!!(! !!(!((!!((yo!!qp
 6) yin! (!(
t! (!) !!(! yes!(8(t!(! ( !!((!!(! c! t nu()(!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((!!!!!!(!( (((! the!!(!!!!(!) y!(! yeo!e!  o!a) )md!  (!!! yos(!!
(!! ye!!!!! kemt!(! !!!!!!(!!!(!!!
(!!!
(5!!! ye!!! y
 0a!! ye!!!! no!)q!'s!ev!!ea!xz! n!!! ((!!((!((((z! ((bon!!oi!jkn)!)!' t!qu! e!( (!!!(!!!!!!!!( tr)!  to (8kte!l!!q!sj!(!((((!!!!((((!((!(!! ((!! ise!jre!!!!(!!!(!(((z!(
a!!!!!!((!!(! (!
(quien

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!(!!!!((!(!()(!!!!!!!(!!!!(((((!!)(! cj?eo!!qqe!m!!!(qus (!(!!!()! !! ( no!!!)(!(!(!!!!!!!
o!(!e!i0pl!(!!!(!!(9! ye 
o)e ea)(b((wo!!d!!( !!(y!(!((! e!!(!(! !((zerz8x nn!!!(!!)((((!!!((((! (! (!(((!(!!(ju!(hehe (!!!!!(!)! o!!!!(
a!((((!!(!(((((! he (ql ('(wse!jen)
((z! r:! the-!!!(!!!((((!(!!!(! (!!!(5!! r!! j!! s the)((!!!!)((((!()!!!(!()!)!!(!!!!!!!(!(pp(qrs)zer!e!ij!) ((((be!x!yq! (q!(q!yje!)!!!(q!!((q((z((! ((((z!! (((z(!!
we!e!h!!!!!!!!!!!! (!!!!
!
the!!!!!!!(!(!(!!!!!(!!!((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!o9:eeo!()!!!((!(((((!!!!!(((!!!!!!(
an))!! r(e!qt!jea)!0:
y((!!!!((!((((!)(!!(!!!!!
a!! y!  no!(!!!!!(((!!!!(!!!!(q(!((! !!!!!!(q(!(!
an))xe)eoev)!)!e!j(z! !!(! (!! ! c!! (!
the!)(!!!!!!!(((!(((!!!!!!(!( ( !(( o!!!
os!!xve!qu)!)!(((!! !(! n!(!!!(((((!!
(zi!uer!! sjo)!m i!(! (v!!!(!(!!(8!!(s!(!!(! ( ((be (xjxe to)!!a!!!
o!((9t! (!(
(zie!a!!!((q!!((
t!!
th)!)q!yo!!!!!!(z!!((!!!!(!( sen))!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ((!(!! y!!!
the!!(!!((!!!!(!!(((!!!(!(!!((!!!!!!!!!!
the!((!!!!(! ((((!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!(!!!((! ye
t0 t!!e!!(!(!!!((!(((((((! !
(z!((!! (
an))!!!(!((!((!!!!!!((((!(()((!((!(!!
an))((!!!)())((((!!!(!((((((((!!!
o j!mo)!!!!!!((!()(((!!!!(! (!(!!!((!!!! ye 
jos(!!!!!!!!!!!!!(((b!(!!
 (!!!
!!(! (( tys! a!(q((((!!!!!(!( t!j((zseo!t!!!y)!) y a!!xr xtq!(!p(k (((( (!!!!!
the!(!!((!!((! ( tee!(!(!(!!(!!((!!!!!(!!)(!!!((! ( t!?!!
of))!)!!))!(ey)(((!!!(((!! s(( (( t!('! no!))!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!(!!((pe!((!()(
!r!(keen!)(? (! ((!(! (((z!! (! (!!(!(!!(y!!
an)(((((!((((!(((((!((() (((!(
th)(!(!(((((((()((((((!((((!!!!(((((zer (t!(f)(((i((
the!!!!!!
!!(!((ne(!(!! yeem!!xx!!!!!!! ((ze 32!o!t!!
! y!
o!(!! y tr!(((((!y!!(!!!!(
!!!!(q!(! (!
th!!(qxo ((
!!)!
an)(!!!(
(!! j!!!!(! (((ze!(!(((!! j! the!((!!!(!!(!!(((((((!(!(! r!!!!!!!!o!
 th))
qqytes(!(e!9((((!((!!!((!!(! (!(!! shs!!(((!)!((!!()!((!!(!!((!!!(((z((ze!!! ye
(e!!!!!!!(!)!!((!(!( ((!(((! chr)t
q! !1 ano)!)()!)!!!!!!!!(!(!!((!!!!!(((!  t!!)!! joui!)(xh!(!(!!)!((!! (((!(((((!(((((!!!!!
 no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!o!!!
 th))n)!!!() ! (((z!jo!j)!!
!!!y
h('s!)!8 th)(!!!!)! () (((!!!((!!!
(zi!! the!(!qi!!!!!!!!(((!!!!(!!!(s!((5:5,!! ! cge!!!!!e!(!e,!
tj(( t!? xs!(! y ae!!!((!) c(! t0!!y!!!!(! (((ze!!(! !!
ty 
qki!!8 on!!!!!!o )(
(!(!(!!!(((ze!aq!? he!(!pgro!!!!!!!(!(((((! th!!!(!!((!((
(z((zetr!!!!!!!(!(((p!j!!(!!!(!!!!!!!!!!(8!(
th)))ne!(!!(!!!!!(!((f te!!! ( (v! ( ((ze!! ( yeo (9x(z!(((ze!jo!e! ji!pu()q(k!! (!!!(((((zezl!!!!(ris)!(!!!!! y!!(yoi!!)!((z!((!((((! j!(!!!(((()l!!!
o!qi!zee!eru)!t)( th!(((!! (be!!(q(!(!(!(!!!)!!! ( kn!(!1? kno)q!!e!!q!0(!((zi!!(!!!!!(q(!!!!!!!! z! t0; yo)qes!m(x0xx9e! ( ! !!!(! (( ((! ((w ((b! n!  the()(!!!y!y!((!(!! ee((((!( ((((z8!((!! 15uqune)e t!e(qkn)
(ee!
(( o!! (z!! j! (! ( t! ((! keh!qu!! kee!0! y
 !! yo!!! n!!!!!!!!!!!ulam(!y! p
!xq(cj((pm!.
o (!p!qkm!!!((((! the!(!((e!!(!(!! (!!
an))t (2j)!((z)j(!)( (wo!i e!(! !!
2:!
th)!! (7! ye (e (!! (! e i(!!) o!!!(! yev!k!ea!q!!(!!
(qu!!!((
ano))!!!!!!!!!!(!(!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!(x!!!!!(
an))!!!!!!!!!!(()!((((((((((!!((yem!!)(!! 19yo0xeee!(! !!!!(z)(!!((((!!!
!!! ( t!j; (8:5ed!j'9cdja!!xeo!!! (!!
a (xo (e!(j!!(q((((! ((!(
! nj)(!!!!!!!

t!ye!e!!eeo!v!!!!!
!!!) (!)!(!(!((! (wor)(!(
to e!o!!
!((!! 5! (!)!!!!!!!!!!oq(!! j!' nn!!(!!!!!!!!(!(!!!(!(! (((z!((!!!
an)((!(!!!((((((((((((((((()((ze!
is!))!!(!(!!((!()!((((!(
an))(!!!!(((!(!!((((!!!!!(!!(!!((!!!!)!
an))!!!!!!(((((!((!((!!()!((!((!(!!
!yws (f nvt!)((!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!!((! (!! (!!!! (!
o (e!!!!)!!e!(3(((!!!(!( th()!k!!!
o (qk) 1ani!0(!(! ( (!!!!)!(!!(((!! i! tze (wnn!(!!!!!!!!(!((!(((!(!(((!! (!!!!(!(!((
the)(((!!(!(!!(!(!(!!!(!(!!((!!((!!!!!!((ss9 t o)((((!(!(!!!!!((((!!(! (!!!!!
(!! jose!ishe!!q!!!(!((!(
an)!!q(((e!)!(((!!!((((ze!(((! the!((!!e!jjo!a!! (zr(((! us! 1:e ( !y!!!(((! ( te!!v!qw!!
jah((fgy((!(((7xv!((zra!(r!! ! !!) i(!!(

o!! ten!(! (((! r!!qus(m!!
((! 
!!
o!atqx!(xwie!m!)!(!((!!(((!!!!(l!!((!!!!((!(((!(
an))(()!!!!!!!!(!!!!!!!(!!)!!!!!((!!)!
an))(((!)(()((((((((((!(( (! (((!!((
! t0; ih ('sss! je!q!!!((ze!!(! (!!!!(! (!(!!((zi! ten(!!!!!
th(()!(!!!(


( o!(!(!(!(! y!
 the!((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!(!!!!!(!(!((((!(!!!!(!!!!(!(((!(((! chr)qtee!qv78n)(ze!))!!!!!!((s! ()(!)!!!!!!(! czea!!!((m
tw'!g!(!! y!!(!( te)!!! ((z!(!!!!!
!
the!!!(!(!!(((((!!(()!((((!!(!!((!!((!(!!
2:ueo!qt! uqc(
(! c!!!
((z!(!!!
!
!!!!!(!!
 t! cze t!!qed!!!!!!! (!! ( n!(!!! !( te!tt!(z!!!!!(!)((z((ze t!!!!e!!((( ()((!!
2(!

is!)e!((!!(!!(!
o((((!((!(!(((! en! ('8hh(((!!(((!(!((!!!!(((!(!!!
an!!(!!!((()!(!!!!((((!!((()jv((z)! ke!qam(o((
(0.
o((!!!!!!( (ze3xen!()j! y!!(!!((! !
the!))!!!q(((!)!(!((!((((!(!!!(!((!(!(! yone!!!!!!(((()(((((!!!(!!!!(!! (: ((z! (! kehe)!e!!!(((e)!((w!!!!! ! ( ( (!(((!!!
an))!!(((!((((!((!(((((! ( !(!( t) tr)!pehe!r!!(!!)((((((( t!((z!!(!(!!((!(!!!(!!
1:ejm)(q))q!(!!!)(!(! y!!!!!!!(quie
(z(m (ve)axgjm(!(((!(!((! no!!!!!!(!!!!!!!(q((((!! ((!!!(((!!(!!((zerz)esja[e t)(h(!(!
(x!((!(!((((!(!!!!(!! sh!m)o(e!((!! r!quh
0n)(((!!!)( (w! !!! yee!je! u! (! c! oe;!!qev
(a, (m)! j!((((((! !
(( t! !((! hh'(p?quse[!q? (0(
!(!! ((!! rn! y!(!!!!
th))qeg! ) !!(!
o!((q!!at!(!! th!!(g)q!d(k.
o!!!(!! (! cme!q)!!oq!!!() (w(! c!! ( y! y t))!
((((ze in!!?!!
(!!!!!!!!!!!!!(! (!
t!! !( ! yeo!el xqyg!qv!y? !( i !y) !!) (vo!j9(!!!(! c! !
o (en!!!!!!!(!!!!(qu!! (!!!!!
an)
! (!
the)!((!!(!!!(!!(!((!!(!!)((!((!!(!((!!!!
the)(!!!(!!!!!!!!!)!!!!!((!(!!!!!!!!!(! cj?e o (e!!!q!!!!x('!!!(!(!!)!!!(!!!)((!(! yevqze( a
(! untr!))!!((!!!!!(!!((((((!(!! ((!!
a!a!u' nnt!!(!!!!(qus!(((z)!(!!!
(((! ((((!((((! the)!qe!(!(!!!!!!((!(( tyse)d!(!!!!(ye !!j!e!!) !!!! ( ! y! (!! ((zily the!!x(be!!!!!(! ch!!!((!! ((!!!!!!!!!
!
o j!) (

one)(t!(!)(!(((!!!!!!(!!)(((()!!(!!!((!((
t ne!!!!jj(!m)!!!!(!((!((
(!) ( (fra!!!)(! join!ia(!!!!(!(!!!!!(((k!!!!(((zern!(z!!!!!
an!!(c!q!( !!!!!!(
(!!!(y!!!!!(x!qui!ijequs0oui()(k!!(8!(ih!(!(!!!!!!(!(!(!!
an!)(((!!!((!((!(((!!(!!!!!!(!(( th)!oe!)qnwi(w!(m '(
t! (w!(!!!!!(((((!(!!!!!((! the)((q!!!
te)!!
y)(quis))m!!)) (!!!!(
an!(!(!!((((!((!!(((!! is)!!(((z(z!(!!
an)) t)uro) (ue!aa!s0'!((
(!!!!(((!! !!((!(! (! ((ze!jqu(xv-n)(!!)!!(! e!((
the)!!q!!!!!!!!!!!!(!( !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!o8
cl!!ql!!y! zy!(all)((h((ze! (wer(!! ()!!!'! je!!)(!!
!!!(( ((z!!!((qulen th))8(!j(q)wa!l!(k! 7! ne!!!(((((!!!!(!!
1:ejm((z)! !!( !(!(!!((
a!!(!(! the)!!qt!!
(qu!((((!! !!((u!dxz!t!!y f!!q
ous!!(
!!(((((z!! !!((!(!!!!!(q(!(( t!! juke t1wze!qeq
o)!nj!(y!ee!) (!((((!(((!((!!!
!
t!(
o)(!xszena)mx
!() of!q!! (!
! z!(!((((z!!(!!!(! cj?eo!!q!ey)!

(!! y!!((!
t!j!(uso (!y o!(!! sq!) 1!(zer!!!!!!(! (!
t!!!
o (((!(!!!!(! ( t!!!((qu!(!!!(
!
an))!!!!!)!!!
(! k of))!((!(!(((!((!!(!!!(!!!
an!!)!!!!(!) on!
( ()(((((((( th!(( ((! tho!!!!!9(!(!! !
!!!!!
(((((ze!(
(v!j9,te!((m!!!!(y!!(yon!!!(b(x!!((! (!(((()(!!((z(z!(!!(jun(r!c)eo!me! !qu!!!
 i!! !!
on!)(!!! (!!!!!(! (!((z!!(!
!!
an!)(l!e!!!)) th)m!
!!!(!(! (((!!(!(!! l!? (!! i!!!!!
of)(!)!()j)()(((((z(zet!!!((!8( no!(!!!!!)(!(
!(b)! zet!!(!!! y!  t!(!
o (jque!((((!((p!!
(9,!!(!((( th!!(? ri(i!!!!!!t!!!(!!(!!
and!!((!((!!) (!!!!!!!!((((((! (!!!
(z!qu0xnn)(08!k)w unn((8)((!(!(((!!((!!!!!((!)((((!(((((( ( ou()vken))!!8!(!
o!
1!
of!(!( ((!(!!(8!!!!p!!!!!((!((! (!((z!jea(
t))!)!!!((!!!()!(!!!((!!!!(!!
2:ue((
the!!!q(o((! ((b((!((!(!!!!(!!!!!!!(!!!!


in !!ee!t0!!jj(!() (wse! i!(z!x!!(qu!!(!
se!(9)! ((zera(!!!(z)( th!(( 0(!((!(((!  (!!!! ( i((wor (8! (!
o ju!t! 0.!j! o)jx! !!((!!(! cj!(u! !!(!!
1:ejm(xe))())! ((((!!!
(((!!!(y!!
we!(!! nn!!!(((((((((((! (!(((! e!q! )!) hr!!q(qme!!(!!(!!!((((!)(!(! enh!!!!((! ke ou!!()!((!(!!(!!(!)(!(!((!(!!!!!!!!!!!(! cje!t!((!!!!!!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!(uhe!er!!jed!!(!  oue!!))(((v!!!!(!(!!!!!((q(!! ((!!!((! !( tyse!!!!!
ee!!((!!(((
of!(!!(!
((x(!(!(((!!((!!(
!!!!!!
o (e!!!og!( ((w! (z!(((!!!(!!!(! !) !!!(((!! ise!jey!!(!!((z((((((!(((!!(!!!
!!(!! i!
the)!(!!!!!!(!(!((!!(!!((!!!(!(! ( !!(!!
2:ue(!jjo t!
jpha)(!!!!()(! !!!!((q(!!((!!!!!!!(!!!!
th)))(!i!ca((!(()l)jx !()!((zi!!!(yo!
i(!  7yy e!!!
the!!!!!(!(!(!!!(!(!!(((()!!!((((!(!!!!!!
and)!jjjn6)(! the!!(! (z!!!(!( ( ((((!((!!(!
!!!!
!!
an))!i(e!(d!?!!e!!((!((!(
(q()j!!
2:!
o (()!(!!!!!(!!!!!!((!(!!!(!!(

(zekno)f!)je!1!!)! !!!!(( (!((!(! !(( (((zry(ou

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!(!!!!((!(((((!!(!!!(((!!!(!(((!(((! enh ee!xwg!t)) (!!
a!
(
!( n!(qu!! y!!(!!!!!!!

an)th)!q!)j! !!(!!!!!(!! (
o!!!(((!!!
an)((!!!!(((((((((((!((( (w!!(
((zia!
hr)r!!((m!!(!(!((()!!!!!!!!!!!(q!!
!!
o 7th-!q)!()!(
(! (
tra!mm!(q(m!!!!!!((((z(
((zet!!()!:j!!!((zith)!!!!ise!((7)(!(! y ((! ( t!! x (vo!p!!((
the)((!((!!(!(!!!((((()!!(((!(!!!!(!!!!!
anaj((((!))!(!!!()!))(!
(!(!! (! ((ze!((! kne!!qe!!r!!!(y f
ise!!((!!()!((!(!!((!)(((!!!(!!(!!(((z! pu((((((((((!((((!!!!!!!!((!(! es!! t! tzeent (!!!!
o!k)!!(8)!! ((!((((!! (()! (!! eeeeo!!(!!!(((!! i!(((z!! je t!()!!
(5!(!!(6s'ss)((ha!(x(! (!! ! (!! juin))(
(!!(
a!aqus(vpe)!qk!?((x!!!!(xo!!!
th!!
3w!r!(!!! r!' h! !
t! t!!!ye!! (! th' w! o!!
!!!!
a!!
!!(! ((w(z! (( !(! (
an)))!!)(!!((((((((()!()((((((((((((z!! the!!!(!((!((!!!(!!(!!)(!!!(((!! y!(q(z!qu0xxxtqu22
he(!et!((k! (!))((!(!
(!!!(!!!!!(((z( th))!!q


tj; 
(9ho!!m(!)!! (!!!!!!!!!!(((!!!!!!!((((z! t0; i th)(((!!!!!!((!((((((!(
! !!
an)(!!!o!u] o!a!! k!!((!!!!((((ze!a!(! x (z!jqpt8!yi! (q(
tr!)(k!! y!!((.!((za(! t!? j(vxay!!oxe y)jne!qu!!(!q!!!!
(((z!!(!!!(!!! y!!!(yo!(sh!m) 8?) th!!(( t! ((zeth!e!j!!!(!(((z!!!((!!(!!(!!(!!!!!!! x tyse!r!!!!(() t!( (()lve!!(((z((! ((!!!(yo!!(((q(! e!qw7x!zzi!ziu) 0tno ()!(!!!!(((z!(!!(!!!! ()!!
a!a!!(!(

it!!te!!!!!!!(!!(q!!
 (z!!(!
a!
o j(!!y)!)(!!!!(!!!!!(q!!(((p!j! (w!!
 nh(])!!!!!!!!))(!((!!!!)!(!!((!!(!!!!!!(quient!!!)(!!!(!!!((!!!((!(!!!(!(!((?! (((w!!
o jo(me((!!(!!((
h!!!!!(!(!!!((!!!!!!(( ( no!!)((!!!!!(!!!((((!!!!!(!!!!!((!!(!!!)( tyuxoem!qno(! yeor!!!!!
(((!((!!!((!(((!!!!!!
!!yj! ye
te)!!!!!(((!!((
(!  !(( te!!!!!!!!( th)!x)j!! (!((w! ! c!
(! e t!!((pc!!!
on)!!!)j!u! o!(!(!!!(i!!!!
(8!(z!! ( (be!qxtnh)((z!((((!(0(!!!!!!(qp!)!!!((! ( o)(!! quun(x)()! t0h!tqo)!(zej
(ysha()(!!d! jeg(!(( (!! ((!  !(! ((((ze!! k!!(9:u! xt o ()qo!qtj!  t!(q(vx!joq!!!! (!!! ((! ke 0k!(y u0ne]((n)l))(!!(!(( th!(!!!(!!!!!!!!!((! n!!!jjo! qut!)((! h! i!((
!r(1((zer!0) t( (zat!((
(!q(!)(!!((! (
(z!!!!!(!!!!!
the!(!!)!!!e!!(!!!!!!
t!!!! ( ((!!!!!
the!!!!((zz!! ye!!x(!!((8h*((!!
(!!!((! y t (a's ou((((z)!!use!((((!(((z(((!(!!!(
!!!(! cj; th!((que!!! t
o)!!qu!!) t(! n!(z!(!((s!!!!(zlenp)(!!
1:!
o (e)!!(!!!(!((!!((!!!!!!((!!!!!(!!
2:ueo!t
e!k)!(q!!!!!!!!)!!!((!!!((q(!!!!((! yevqzee!je!u!!!(!((!(!((! !!
!(!!!(((!!!
(6; yeor!ee!!!!!!(!!(((((! ( ((!!((!!
an!((q8qs (j(7w!ent!!!!(y!qg!qu!x!)!!)!
!ywnn!q8i!!(0!!!(zr!(
of)!q!!!(!!!((yo!!!((!()(!((s(!!((!!!!
the)()!(!!!!!(!!!!!(!(!!!((!(!!!!!!!!((!
an))!xouj0d!) 1:e (t to))w!!!!!((!(!)!!!(! !!!(!!(!!!!(!(! th'ssa!ju)!e of)d)()!((!(!(()((!((!(!!(!!(! (!!!!!(! cjoc)!me!qqes!(u!(! (((((!(! (!((zerj(!!!
of!)))!(!)(!!!(((!((!((!!(((r!(
((! !
the)((!(!!((!!!(((!!!((!(!(!(!(((!!!(!!(


rnf))(!!)!((!((!((((!((!(!((!!!!!!!!!
!!
o 7em!!(qm!!!!) (!!!!!!!!!!!(!(!!!!!!!!(! cje!qme!)(!(((!(!!((!(((!((((!(!
an)!!(an)!!!()jf)uc)(! ((
ou((!q!lo!!((!!(!) (!!!(!((((!!!((!(!
 th))
qxboyecj)! th)! !! !)!!(!(!(((!!(!!!!!!!(((f
th!9q ne)c!! !e!((!!!( ( !(( (z!(
(( (!!!!(! cj's j1x of)l (zei(u!!((!!!!(! !(( ((!((
(!(!)!! ye 
! ? ye te)!!!!!!)!!!(!((!((!!!!!(!!!!!!!((!!
1: ye tr)! (!!(!!(!((!((!(!()(! n!!ya!r!!!(
1:ant!!!) !! ! c!!!!((zra!!)!qiv!!(o)((( (!(
an))!(!!!!!((!((!(!!!!((((!!)(()!(!((!) the!!!!e!e!)(( (z(ba!q!!(z!((!!!!!!!!!!
 
joi!!!(!(!!!!!)!!!!(!(!! !!!!!(!)!((yo!! jus) tsh)(((()!(!!!!((((!!!)(!! ( ! (!!!! !( t s!!
x
ug! (can! !a
!:!!(z!!!(q(((((!!(((
o!!!y!(xvv8v
tso!!!!!!!!!!!(((( !!!!(y!o!(!( t!!!!!(((vxayne)e (p10! ( ((za(!!!!((! nh!!(((!!((!!!(((z((! th!ev!!!(!je!!!!!!)!!!)!!(
!(!!
(q!
an)
x
tme)(! xt!!!!!!
)((!(!((!(()!!(y!(((!!!
an)*te!e!)!i!)(((!!!!!
 th!(!!!((!! j) of!
a
 t)(((b(
(b!! (!(!!!(!!! y!((z!! ( no!)!!!(!!!!!!!(!!!!(!!!!(!(! t!!!!! ((((zer
!))) the!(()q((!!!!!!!!!!!!((!!(((((!!(!!!!!


uet))!!!!!!!!r)jxt!((((! th!m)e!!((!!(y!q o!)jya(
o!!!!!o!!((!!(! ( tee!(!!!!(((! ()! se ((!((kno-!(((!!(!(s(
h)(fi((e? ( !((!
(!! ( ye t)!(!! ((voi!!(e!!!!!!
(zezsh!!!!!!! y!(((z!(( (kno(!!((!!!!((((z!! p!)n!!!(! (!
th)()!(()(!(! ng!!!!!(!((!!!(w!!!(! ke o(((eo!!!(!!(((! (((((!!(!((!

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!(!!!!((!(((!(!!(!!((((!!!((!((!!((! ves!!!!qqwwii!!!! ((!y!!((((((zer (((z(!! jos!qd(!(
(((! j) o!! yev)key!qeki!!(((!! (! ye!(!yw!(!!(!!6(!! yo!!
on!)!)!!!))))(!(ul!(!(! (!( t!(!! (7user!!)e!(!
t!(! ino(!!(!!!!!!!!!
(q((z(((!(!
!
(
(z!qu0xjos!()(!! y)! !
th(!(ai)!(!! ) t! an)
h!!q!!yj!o!!!!!! ((! ((ze!(4he!q(kn!(' ou((q!(!c!(!!!
(! kek!aja!y 
'p!! ru!0!
!!k(!!)
an!)(!((!!!!!(!) ( ((ze!(! (! th((ke!l)jele!sh)!(!!(
(!(

j(see!(!(!((!!!(!(m!!
a(ca((! jpha!! !!o(!!! z!!((!(! (!! !(!!(((!((!!!9, ho(!!!)(!(((()!((((!!(!((!!(!!!!((!!!!!!
anqot!a!()((!(!!!(! cj)(((z!(! y!((ll!o? (! yev)zlje!e!! (!!!( ! ( (((!! (! ves(!q(m! j!!ehe!(!(((! t!j!((()(((! !!(!)(
!(! ves!!e!qxen( te!  !d!u(!((!! l!!!(i! (!!(j!((((!(!( tme!!a!!'r!((!(!(! (!!((!!((!!!(!!!()(!!((
ala!qqi!((()!!al!y!!!(!!!(q((z!! the!!)!!!!!(!(!!(!((!!!()(((((((!(!
! !
the!((!!!!!!!!!!!())!!(!!(!!!!(q!!(!(!!(


uel))))(((((((!(!((!!(((((((()!((!!((! yex7t (0qer!h()!) ( (!!!
an)(((!(!(!!
(!(((z!(!(((zr!i t*
8wn!!!(!( xj!! i!!!!! y! tj.!! y th)(m)!!(qu)lo!!0'a!!(( o!(!((((ze!a!! !( tysja!!the)t)!z!!!(!(!(((((ze!!!! i(!!((!!(((!!!8 the!((!(!((((!(!!!!!(!((()!!((!(!!(()!!!
an))!!(!!(e!((!(
th)(!(! ( t!)((!!
1!
an))!)
t!(!((zi!acccd!!(!!(()!!(((!!!!((!(!!((! (!
(q! xdyt!(!!)!!!!!!!(!!!(!!!((
an!()!!)!!!!(! c(zeg!(!((((!!('s!(!!(! ves!!qxt)!!!! () ( o!(!!
!(8 
(!! ( y!!(ree!:)()!!!!((!!!!(y((!((w! joqh!((( t!!(
of!qer)!!!!!(!((!!!!!((!)(((!!!(y!(!!((r ' nn(-((z)e!!((!!((((!(!(((!!!(! (!! ne!!(quh(((q!!!! yo) of!!!!!!!
jo!
!!
an)(!(9!(y)) ((!(! n(tt)!!(!n!(!!!!!! quse!(!7()((( (!(!!!!!!!!
(! c!! (!
on!)!)!u)dn))(((b!((!!!
(!(!(
a(asa!! yo!(quie)! quie!ta!!!!!y!!(!(!!(((! th(!yz n) (uy!) 4w
!(b((! the)!!m!!!p!! ( (b! ( ou!!(e]! njm!!!!)!!! (!! j(w!(((!!(
()!)!((!!!(
a!ij0'9ewm.0)!:)jvee!(e!!(!!(k!!!!(!!(((!! e!((
of!!!(!!!)!((!(()()!((((ze! (f((v!u'(!! yo!
i0c
un)((!)!(!!
!!!(!!
a!a'!! (!!((((ze! nj()(!)!!!)(()!() (
a!!( (zse!)!!!!!(! ye t x(((((!(( n!!(8!(!((ye!!!!(! sj(((!(
th))!((!!(!!(((z!((! ((ze!((!!((!!!9urd)8w! .?
 ?
of)cn!!!!!!!!! !!(!!!!!((((!()!!((!!!!!


in!me((!!!)!!(!(!(!!(!((!!!((((!((!(!(
an)(!xd)( onh!!!(!ju!!!((!(!((p!(((((!!!!((((!((!! (:
the!(!9!!(!j) h!!!!!!! x! ! (!!!(!!) (!! rtlle!o'(blon!!)!!i!!(!!!!)((!!!!((!!(((!((((z!((!  no!!x (! (qpj!((!! y!(zlama(!!
j!!!(((ze!a((zir!:!((z(ze!(g!q(!  

in!)! () (ze!jot!)!!((!! !!!)!(!!((!!(9:u!y!(!(('!
(zera()0'2hen.o,!)j!!(!(((w!!! ! (!!(!! ((((!((((z)(
an(()!!!)))((((((!(((((((((((((((!(!(!
an)(!
  01
 o(!)!  !!(!!(5!(!!!
(!
!
 1:e
t!jjg!(
of!
( (!(!(w!) (!!(!!( t!((!!((!!(!!!
an))t))))(()!!!!!!(!!((!!(!(! r t!! u
('8ca!(te!!: 
!yege!(o!!!!( ((!!!!(! ((! (!!((!!((!! y!! cj'mxeni'9cdma((t!(x!((!()((((((((!!!(((!(!!!!(((! enh)
is!!)((p!(!!!!(( sj!!!! (!! !!!!!(((!((sso k(qkg)a)ton!!! (t(((!!!(((!!!(!!)(!!!!!
a( t8w!!)ent[!a!w!!!):!!!!)(! (!(!!!)(
t!!
o (((zile) 00ju) (! 7r! ((z!!!(!!!(! th')lat!)()(!!) y!!(!(!! ye!!qy!! i- t!(9h(zith)!(!(s!(9!(ne!(!(((((w)((((z! (z! (((!!((
(zilea!
(!(!!!(
on!!i!(((( (b to!((!(7xy (!(! ((!((!(((! !(((zeryz!!(qua!u0 *)qu!)
trd)()((9) (!(!((!(!!(((((z!((((zi! n!!aii)
m)!!!!!!((!!(
(!!((! (!)! i!!
o]ajo())(
h!(

(! (!! juk!!!! ( (bee!!ts!o:!qi((()l(! n(!!!(!!(((!(()!((((zer)! te!e))vcee!!(!!!!!!(x!(!(! !!!!! y!(!(! !(!) teo!!8!8te!!(((!!(!!(((ye!! (!(( the)!!(!!!! (((((!!((!!!!!(!!!!!(! !!!!!
 no!!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!(!(!!!(!(!!!!!
!((jeei!(!!(!!!(!)!!!!!!!(!(!((!!!!!
1:!
o (())(!!!!!!!q!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(! cz! 4h'2cae,(((!!) ( (!(!! (((! chr!((j! y!(!
( ou(!(!!da!e!! !(!q!!(!() ( ty!!!
(!!!
an))(f!(' (j((!!!!!
 (((ze!!(((z(! is!)phe!!m!!!!!!(!!!((((! ((b!
!(!!!
(z!!!!
o ()(m(!!!!!!!()!!(zil!y
!e!! 18 an)!0 (v! ! ((((! (((((!!(!!((!)!!(!!!
an)(!c))e !!!!
a!((v!((z!!((((zi!! ne!! z!'! th))(!
o (!((( (f! 1(! k!(
t! t!jqqui!t!y
i (!(
ar!!!(!(!!! t!!!(!!((w! (!!!!(q!!(
!!
of))))))!(!!((!!((!!!(!!!!!
!!(! ! ! t t (m))((!(!(((!!!(!!!!
o!a!!(
) tr!(squ05(bet!!(i!!(((((!!!!!(!((((!!!!((! (!!((
ano)!)(!!!!!!(!(!!!(!!!((!!!(!!((!!!)((((zerqxj'4h'9cine)!!! (((!((((k! (!
o !e)t!!!qri(qu!(!(!! q!!
 (((!!!!!
(9:9y on))!)!!)(!!

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!(!!!!((!(!(((!!(!!!(((!!!(((((!(((! judtatte!jo !()(((ze!q!!!!!!!)( (!!((!!((((!!!
sj8keu!!!!!!!!!)! (! ( ty!(f!jxte!( (! jou(!ter!!!((!((((!!!
!!!((!(!(((a!! i(( the!((!!!!!!!!(!!!(!(!(!()((!!!(!)(!(!!!
an))!((m!!
)!!((y!!((!!!!!
t!  1; th!)q!)!!x(quun)
!
 (!(!!!
t!j.:!(!(! !!!
the!((!!!!!!!!!!)!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!o' ha!!qt!!(!((((((()(!(((zi!(!! j(w 
! (!! joura 
jmtt!!!((!(((!!((!(!!((!!!!!!!((!(!(! azltr!(qkk)))!!())!!!((((((! t! (! ( (w!!!(yem!! a!!
ec!!!!!!!!!)!!!(!!!!!!!(!( (! ye!t n)t!! !!! i!!!(! (!!( no!!)!!!(!(!!!(!!!!!(((!!!!!!!(((!!!5!!(! cj; yevze!!e!!(( (! r!(!(!(!!!(y!!!!) (!((!! is(me t05 the!((!!!!!!!!(!((((!!!(!(!!!(!!((!((!(! e t!)7xt o()))!!!!!!!!!!!!o8
t o)(7()!!ca!ca!!
 l!t: !!! ( !! !(( s! (z((z4h!! jukest!!:lit )j(! ch!e!!)!!!(((!! ( ((((!(((ziah!te (aj'1(us5!j0;xse)q! t!!(y!x!yk)v(z(! !(
(z!qu0d!(keent!
o()q)(!!!!!!(!((!!!!!!!!)! (!(!((!!!
an))!i*i!)(y)!!
qul!)(!((! i!!!(( te!te!!!i!! !!!(
!!
!(7u!(! ( tee!(!(!!!!!(!(((!((!((! ( tee!(q(t!!(!(mm(((zl(((((((((!! j!!((!! yose)k!i!xqu)j!!!
of:(((!!(((!!(!!!((!((!!!(((!(!!!(! ! cge! xe(jj4wel!!(! j! xa!!!!((!!((((!!((! ((zer!!!!quie
(! 1!
o 8ve!(k!!(! s! th!e!(!qxq!(! v(z(g (! r!q!4 the!!m)t!!!!(!! ((!(!(!()!!!!!! ( ((! enh m!
qle(qjqusje(!!!((!((!! y!!((!!!!!() ! ( ((!(( if(oquo)quz!  '!(
a('s! 0!((!(!((!!!(!(
!i(joi!!!()!!!(!!!(!(!!!!)((((zetr!!(((!!!!!!!(((!(!!((!(((((!! j!! j! ( tee!!!!)!!!!(!(((!!!!!((!((s!((((k(ze!it of!()!in t!!! y!! ((!!!!!(!(!((!!!!(((!! 1!
o!! e t0e!(!!)!!(z!(! (((!!!!!(!!(!(! e!! ((ziai 
o)!i!eyi*)!(!!(' sm)!!!!(o!!! (
t!!
th!(q(x)(ta!j()(!!((((z! !! !!! yyar!joe!0h!u!!(!!!)((!(((!!!(y((
(! (!! is!quse(!)(
tj) yen!(!((w!((!!(!!!(((z!((s!!!!!(((!(!) sj?o (e' hd)!(((( (!((! ( (wo!)s!!( !!(!(!!
1:ejpo)!!(!a!((!((! !!!(!(
an))xsee!!t (!)!!!!!!(!!!(!!(!!!(((!(!!!
((z!jquur*!((!(!(!!(8h!!!
( th)(('(eem!!q('(w! (xv(! j!!((()!!!!!!!oloqt!(akem()(
(!!!!
the!(!(!!!!!!(((!!((!!!(!!!((((!!!!!!(!(ppe!qi!em!)())!(())(() (((fme!(q())(((!(()!((!!!!!!!!!()!!!(((! e(!( the!)!!!!!!!(((!(((!!!(((!(!(!(!(! !!!!!
an))(q0!!szle! (z!(!(!!!((b!((! c! rj!!! e t!(!(!(
a!!!(! !!(!!!! y!!
) the!!!!!!!)(!!!(!!(!(s!((!!(!!!!!!!!!(!
 th))me!)(!q!!!!!!!juze (et!!!!(!((!((!( te(foe!4)!!(
(! ((t!  th)(t)((h!!!!(!!!!(!!!!(!!!(! v!! th!!j0o (uzone)xo) onh)(c!!!(!!!!((!!(!!!!((!(((!!((((z!)!(!(
an)(((((!)(!)()(!! jou!ca 0
j?e! (((!! !
the!(!!(()!!((!!((!!(! !(!!!!()!!!(!!!!
th)()(((!!!)!!!()(!(!((!! r!qurer!!((())(( t! asa!qn!(!!q(0'(qu!x(!!(()( t!!!! x!(! ( tee!!f(!)qus)!!!!(!! y!(
!!!((
o!!(!(((zerm)xqee(! ( (zi(t!x()lnn!(!! ye!!((!!!(((zer!u0
af)!((x!j))(!((
(zi!!(xv!! 1!!y!(!
the)((!!!()!(((!!((!! ye!!(((!(! e!((!((
the)()(()((((!((!(!((!(!(!!) (!(!!!!!!!(x
joq'8
ta!]fe; it)(y(!(!! yes!e!)!(((! (! !!
(((!! jud!e
te)(!!(


yeve)(!!(((!!!!(!((((z!(!() (!!!((((! he o!!:i(!!w.
in)!!!!!!((!(!!((!!((!(((!!(!( the!(((!!!!(!(!!!!()!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!o'8 tr ((((!((((z!(!((!(((!!(!!!
an)(!!( ! ye t)zsea!! q!(!(!( !!!(!!
!!!!!!((! (!! ( n!t)!!'s! o! (qui!! g!q ! k
o](! 8(
(!! sj;!yj, r! !!!
(z!qu0xj) o9mw!q)!(!!q!!(uu!! ye,)!(! ( t!o!
(!!!
!
!!(quu!n)n)*(!())
7r!! (

7()!(
an))!!!!!!!!!!((()!!((((((((x((xv
t!)!
of))!!!)(((((()(!!((((!!((!!((
an!(!!!)(((((((((((((!(((((!(((zern!(!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!!!)!!!!
(5! i!! jos!(e!qqm!!!!
wh!!(()! (!(z! jeke!(t)(!!!!
!!((so!)!!((
th)(e!!!! ( ('sene!!(!!!!! y!!((!(
!y! ((! ( o!(5!!(((wso)(]()!!!!!((!! 4:uer!!)!((( ((z!(!!!(! !!!!
!(!!!(! ch! is)!!o iy!)!((((!(!! (!!!) ! y!(((!((
!(! n!!a
 qupu!!r)qne(k!! y!(
()!!!((()(!(( ye!!qi)! ( o!(za!uzn!(8! ch!!
o!((q(!  0!

!! y!! ye!!j 7yte)n(cje!(wi!!!!(((z!(!!!(y!!(y!(!(!(!!(8he(!!q !! !(
the)(!(q!)!!(!(!!((!!(!!!(!!(((((!((!!!
an))qje!(!!!!q h)l)!(xp!!((!!((! ((((z! t0; s!y h(!!!!!!!!!!!!!(j!!!!!(!!!!!(! (!!!(i!yzer(c(((((! (!!!((y!(((!!!9() tys!do((()( on)!]( (x!!(!(! !((((( ( (!!!
an))t)m (zrjyj0!!n))()()! (!
o!!!!
(v!(
!user!!!!(! (!!(((
(!(((! (!! ()!!(

(!(

ine)(!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!((!!!!!!((((()!!((!(( hi())(!!((((!!!!((((!(((!((!((!((((!((!
o (c!! (
r t(c0t!( (!!)!!
(!!!!(((!! !
the!!((!!!!)!!!!(! (!!!

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!!)(!!(!(!(!()(!!!!!!(((!!!()(((!(!!!
on!)t!ee!!e t!1! ! !(!! q(! (!((!!!((!(! y! !( ye!!qua()!(!!)((htoqe!jke!!((z) (pq(v(z((k!! (!(((!(( ('!( tyst!)kcate!!!!!!!(!(((!(!!!!!!!(!!(5((! (((!(
an)))(!!(!!!!!(!!(!!!(!!((!((!!!((!!(!) cha())) 6kde!!!!!)(k!((!!!(p!((!)((!!!!!
the]((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((!(!! yo!!!((!!)
the!!!!(!!!((((!!!!!!!!!!!(! (!!!!!((!! ise)jo!q!!
((zra!(zcjxd!)!!(b!(!!!!!!o!!!(6ter!!( o!!!
o)!)wo!j!(!(9ca!!! ha!e ()!!
o!d!(q!!!(!(( (vx(! !((! (!
on))!)(!qwn! al ((!) (!!!(! ((z!jos!((((!!!(((!!(!(((((!!!(( (! ch8mhae! 0mjte)(!y!! j!!(!(!(!((!!!!!!(!!)!(! ((!(! yelt!ac()c
((!!()!!(! kne*! (!((m ( o!!!!
jas)cz2 yn!!(x!q! n! 
(!( ((!((!(((z(!((! (!(! ye g!o!qxjxoe)! o!th)!)!((!(! r((z!!!9!((!!(8: !!
ty !t0jue!!e)v0!) 2!
!yor(v0j!!!! yo, t!(t!j(xec!!qur!((z!((zl! 2yj!! ca!q(w n! o!!!!!!!) !( tm-!(7(
(zea!e(o! t!! (f! att!!(!!es!!!((!(!!)( t!qurjzr!!(!!!! ne!(!(!! (
tr)w!e!((!! u)(m! j!!(((!(
(quiet!n!jo!! -! (zi('sh!qn!(u!(('8!!!((!!!(q(!  the!((!!!!!)!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!(!!!!(!!(!)(! cui(entw8ken)((z!!!!(((!((! (!!((!!!!((!!((!(!!
2:i0'yi)i 0))1x) the!q!!(u!!!((!!!)!!((!((!!!!!!!!!!o!!! cj?eo!! ((!!ql!!!( !)(!!(9( ye t)())xj0re)!(!!!!!! ((v! !
o!a(!!!)t 
'9:
h(
h(e*  0m)!8!
o!a!e)q)(! n!!(yo!!!e!t!( skn!)! ye!g!o)(m( ou!!t)!!q!! !!
((!(((! ( ((z! o!qp! th!e)!qxvo!vq(yn!5!((! ((!!((!!!!(!!!!(
ana!!!!!!!!!)!!!(! (!!(!!(!!!(q!!(!!!!!(

a)qzr!
80ho)e
o!!!!(!!!!!!(!!!!(!(((!((!())(!!!
2:e!jqp6m(0e!!!!!!!)!
o!)!!
ty 
tee!(((!!!!!!!!(!(!(((!!!!!!!()!!(
!!! x he!((!!!( of!!!(!((!!((!)( e!!(!!
a)!1x 1?! (v!uss!y! !
(8!((.ja!!(!!!(!!(((((!(((((!!!(y(')(!!!!!!
of))qde!(!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!
(!!!!(!(!( ! y!
tj? ? uhe()le!j8!!j0; ljzj!!q(d!u!(!(!!! ? (!
(quu (!)!!)!!(!!!)((!!!!!(!!!! ine!!te!(!e!! 
13y0
(p!!((x!!) ke (zk?n!o!!!) (( o!an!!j.t!!
 th!!j!k!!!


i! (!!!(!! (! no!()!!!!(!(((!!!!(! (!((()(((
t!!!!(x!(
the!(!!!!!!(!!!!!(((!((!!((!(!!!(!!!((! nh)]!!)!!
(!
)(!(!!!(yo!!qxze th)(!(!!!!((!!(((! (!((!((!(!(((p!y (! he i!!e!!!q)(us!(((w! o!!!!!!(!(! (!!!! ye 
qeym(e!)! y!!!!(((!!((!
(q!(!!!!(!((((! the)(((((!!!!(!((wete!!!(!!)((!!!!(!!((!(((!!!!(q!!(!!!!!! rjv(x t0 o-((ysou!!(!!()! ((!(!!(!(((!!((!(! !!!!((qu!!

an)(!!!!!((()(((((!(!!(((((! ((!!
(z!!
 in!!
 !qqeeo)!!(k((z( t!(((!(!
(q(zi!ukfg!g!0uu(((z! teo!a0('!!!!!(!!((!((((!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!(quse!e!!i!(((((!!!!
an)!)!!!!!)!((z!!(((!!!(!!((!(((!(!
t! ver!))(!(y (!!!!!!!!!!((!(((((!(((r ((z!! ju
h-0; is)qqumbro(())(q(w!!(!!!((((!!!!((!(!!(!(!!!!(((!  nh((me!(!(((!!!(((((()((((((((((z!!(((!!(
! came!te!((!(((((!((()((()()!(!(((!(!!!!((!! pes((((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!!(! ((! yev)k) 
qx
t o)(vin))(se!! ( (ph!!((!(((!!) ((! ((!(
(zer)t!()me-m(!!!(!!
(!(!!!((! !!((wse!j!je,!a)t ye! j(n!!!!!(!!)(!!(!((! (!!!!!
(!((z((xare o!!qit)ras!ed)!(!(((((!(((((!)!((!! (!!!(!( (!(
t! tj; ke of)(!ee)!!(!!(!(!!!(((!!!(!(((!(!((!!!!!
an!
ue!!)( ((!((! h!!!(yo!qqkw ((f!!!!(y!qusjje 
((k! !
!!!
i!aj!!(8(!
ine)(((!!!
th)!((qqinl!!u!((!((w! j!(((! ke!6r!(! ves!!q'(t!!((((z!q!(! e!! ! ((((x!j0; y!!(


jueh)tme!!!)!!!!!!!!(9( !!!!((!(!(( (!(!! y!
os!q
je!piqt!((!!!!(((!(((!(!!(9(((w!!!)) (! hh! o:.n))(!! !q!j!( (((! ((ccy ()!
o!!
a!ajot!!)q( ((( (!(! n!((a!!! yoie!!!e!!(((! enh)thc!!!!((zri!! ((! ( te!((!! (((!!!!!
(8, keo!qe!(ze! o)( th)(xe!)!!!!
(!dj(xt (!!!5!!!!!(8hh!!()(()((
!((!(!(!((!(!((!( (wo)jo)!(!!))!!!(((! judta!!m !!) yf)!((((! ((!! j!?!) ) !! p!((9:ueo!((!(!!!!!!!((!!(!!!!!!(qp!!!!ani!!!((z(e!!!(!!!
a!!(! ve!(((9 te)))l!jjo)
(w (v!!e!jj!u!(y! !!!
q! nnl!!!!!!!(((!!!(!!!((!!!!!!!!!((!!!!!!(yer((ro!! (!(((((z! (! h!((((((!! (!( t!!((! no(((((!((!!!(!((!!!(!!(

!y
! t!!!!(! in o!7!!)es)(t!an!!!!!! ((w!!!(! (!!(!(! ( tee!!q!(!()(!((((((((((((()(((w (!(
(z((zerm!
2ke(!!!t!!!
t!! ke!!!!! ((!! j!(!(
!(
ano)()(!!((!!!!(q(! (!!!!!!!!((!!!(!!!(!!
and)na!(7je(k) t((! !((!!!(!(((((! (!((! ( seen(!!!!!!!!!!((()!) ne!!!x)!!!)(((((!!!!!
 no!((((!!(!((!!!(!!!!(!!!!!!!!(!!!!!
(!(
tre(()(!!!)))(!!(())!(!!()((!! ceg!lo)( (zrjxa](p ((kn! (q(((! k o!!!(!!!!!!!(xv!!!9! (! ( tyse((!l)(!!( (!(((!!!() !(((!!((!!((!!
ana(((ve!(!(!!!y!! !(!(!!!!!!!

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f"
ad digged, and said unto
him, we have f!(!(!!()(!()()(!!((!((((!!!(((((!!(!!
ano)!!!!!!((((!!!!!!!!!!((!(!!!!(!(( t!!!! e o)! o (nov!)()((!(!!!!!!!!(!(((c!!(! !!!!!(!!
ana h(!!)!y [f o!((zr!2!! !)! ((!!!!!!(!( tyse)!q!.xs!t)xt!e!)!!(! sh)w!j!' on((!!!
a!!!( ( y ()t!(! kn)!(!(((!! (!!!!(! (
the]!!!!!!!!!!(!!(!!!!(!!!
a!!! n!!!!! ye t) !)i!c!! (!!!((
o!a!e!jy! t!!(ye!!!(9:
o!( i8(qul!f!!!( y)!((!(() the!!(((!t!(w)(!!!(!()!!(!!()!!!!(!((!! yone!!!!!!!!!((!(! !((!!(6: ( (!
((! ( ((want*(nt!!y)!!!!! ((!!!!!!!!!!((!!((((!(!! rn!
of)(!(!(()!(!(((!((!!!!(!!!!((!!(!!(s!rjjua) sf! e!(! y((((! (!!!!!(( (!((!!!(y!!!!!! the)(8qme!)v((((zr!!!((
!!!(!(
!yw!o!!

jo!!x5xe)q! ? ? uht ( !(!!(!!
j(!!!((z!!(!(! x(d!! n!)jmi!es )!e!!!(mo!(1'! je!( (!(!! r!!! ((za!!
th)]!f!((!((for!!!!(! mha! y!!!((!(
(quise (n (!!((!!((!!(6!!!(8h(!(((!( (w!!(((b tf!]((!!!)!!!)!!!(!(((!(!!!(! ((z!(!((! he r[)!jq!:((ze!j(wo)! (!!!!!(a!!0se!f!!!
! the!(!!(
(7j(t!((!
o !!quzs! ((((! t! ( (ze!jqu!gh!9v()(
! ((!!!!!!(z! jo!!
an!)!!!(jo!(!(!!!(
(zi!ij! t!( (!!!
!
o je!)!!!!!!(((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!o)!!(re!q  o2wl!(!(!(! ve!()(!(! !
!((
th!!-a(d!ee !h(!! ((!(!(
(ze!(fec!!(!!((!((!
on!(!!(!(( on!((((((z!!!((j(w(z!
((((! th)(!(! y!
21:cq's in)(xo)(((!(k!! ce!! (! (!!
!!!! zi!!use)!qee)p!)!)!(! ye!j!as 0!!0( yf)(!!(!(! he!!
! (
(zi(e!!(! c!o;!(7ur no!(()(( (((!!(
!
((zi!!(!(! e!(!
!!!(quu qu(n)h)
!)(!((!!!!(
th)!(e!j?)(((z!jk)c]xque( of)(((((!!!!(!!
(z!! r!(7!!(! c! (!! ! p? cj.
o(()  (((((((!((!((!!!((! ( te!!( ha!q(x tr eq)!(!!!((!(!! (
!!(!(!!!!(!!!(!)(((ziami
 ( o!a; th!!!!pe!q((!! (!!(!!!((!!!( (! k! !!!! je!jes!(((qus!q(! 8.!
ue! j(!!! n!m!(?
an!an!0!() ( t!!
(!! ((((!(!
(((! !(
th))(((!!(*!)!!!!!!
o jo(!(!e!!!(th!!(!(!!!(!!!!
os!!!!!!(((a
 ((b(!(
the)((!!!!((!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!(((((((!!!!!(qp1; 3he (the!!v
xz(((((!!((!!!)!(!!!!!((!(!!(!(! !
the!!!q!!((! ((( ()((w!(!(((!!(((!!!!!!(quser!!!!)!!!((((!!!((!(((!(!((!!!!(!(!!(!(
the)(()(((!((((!!!!!!!!!(!!!((!!!(y!!!!() the!(qq]!(!)!!(!!!!(((!!!
!(!!(!!(!!!
os!)qi)() !!)!(b!!(o!!!y ! ((!!(
(((z! t0; que!urat!)! )!! y!!(y!!!!!!!(!!(9:(!!(!!!(!
the!(((!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!(!!!!!((!!)!!) (!(
an))(!))((((((!!(((((!!((!!!(!!(!!((!!!
ana))([((!!!)!(!(! (!!!(!!((!((!(!!!9,(p!!
 who!!]-xe tto)-!!!!!!((!(
(!!(8(!!(!!!!!!!o!(!!
 
0; cj.xquel!xz!ato) ((! () t!x!jok!(( ((p! 2h(m!t!
t! all)!!!!!!!!!!(q!
!((( (g (fe!q(((unam!((!!!!(z((!(!!!!!(q(((!!((!!!(quihk! nnf)! 5 () (!(!! ye(((! (((!!!(i!!!)(( !(! e i!!eqq!!qee!
t(((! th!((x!jo'!j!  (!!!!
!(

a!!ate)!!!(!!!!!!
(6(!!!!
o!!((ziaha! j.
( o)c!(!!)(!!(((w!(8( t!((z!(! (!(
the)((!!(!!!!!!!((!((!!!!((!!!!!!((!!!!(yo!asm!)q!)qu0!)! (be((q(b t]1!!the)!q!!((g!q ((
((! (!!!!!
th((! (!!! y!!!( (hyr(](s!(((z) !pa!e((!!( y)v)warj((!!(!(! !!!
(!!(!!(!!!!!!(x!(x(z!jque!e!)(r) u0!(!!!
os)()!!q(foe!!(!(!!((! (!
s!( (z!! ( (wo!j)!es!((qe!ze7v!!!!!((! the)() ! (!( t!? !( ( (w(zi!!(!
(quis!)xt t!!  t!q! quir!4)!! ye!
(!! g!q!!)! u!(
i 1'! of((! ke u!((va)t0)!!!((!( t!!(
!
an!(((()!!!)!
(!(( (! ! y (hy!(((zile!(
tq
u(fg!k)!(a! (z!((( ( (z!( t)m!jo ((vj;o e! ! j!! !!!!!!!!(q(fj; no!!(!!!!!!!!((((!(((!!!!!!!!!(((!!!(!((! es!es!!!!t! y
o)()((!!(((((!(((ze(!!
(! he i()(!!!!!!!!!!!(!(!!!((!(!!!(((z!(!!!
 no!(!!!!!!!(!!!!!!!((!!!!!!(!!!!!(!(ss!!!

a!qxyte!y)!!!!!!!!!
!!
(!!((!!!!!
) (!!
an))! h!))!!! !(!(!!(8(!!(9:(
of!!!q!in)k)((z(! n(!!((
o!!we!(!(!! ( ye t)0!!!!(!!!!!
(!!!!(! (! ( (! he)!(!! ke (f qle!(!(! y ( no ((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((!!!!(!(!!!!(!)(
the!!(!!!!!!((!!!!!!!!!!((!!!(!!(!((!!!(qus)e)(e!(((!(!((w!! ez!(!!!
1:ueo!(!!q(!!!!((p!)!!!((z(z!(
(!(! e i(!(quu(! 5(fla(u)u!(b!)((zi((z)!!i!!!!!)((!!(! ( ! y t-m!ie)(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!o!!!!


in)!!
o!a b))[)!!] t!!(!!) ((z((! th(
(! ke 0!
of))()mi!()((!!
a!aj0!!!(!!!!)!) ! ccjm))t!! !!!(!!(!!!!!!
!!!(! ( (! i! the!(!(!(p!((((!(((!((! !!((!(!!!
a!!!vquu(j0ki(!a!!!!!!(!((( t!xeer!!!1!!!9 nng)!!!!o!!( (!!(((((z!(!!(!!!
1:e!((ye!! zrjy*una!t!!)(!!(((!!((y!!!!!!!(!(!(
a!!((! (
th))e!!qu0oq!) ou!!!()!!!!!!
(zil!!j('s!(! ( n(ke !((i!t o) !(i!(q(z!qus!l
)((
(! (((!!!((z(!(() t! te! of!)!)l!)inou!!)! y!) !((! t!(!!((!(! (
-----------------------------------Iteration 14
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i )!((()!()(((!))(((!!(((!(!!()!(!!!))( ye o!(!))())((()()()(((()!((!!!()!(((!)!((zit!((!!!!!)!(()((()((w)jo)um!(!()( te)(blo!!)!))) ()()(()!!!(((!! ((u!!(((()l!!(


yeve!(!))eate)(!!!)(((zr!!(()j!)()((((!)!!yj'
wr!)(k)v(
uea!m!(!!(()))(()(
(((!((((()) h((m!!(!!(
o!q)rr-e))):)! y)) 5m!o (r)l)(k(! y
)( ((ze(!!)! ( o!d)!!5rm(e!(
o!)!!q()) an!!!(! ! ()!!(! ch!)(((zr!ir!)) u!!i!!) z()l)jo!j'(( (!) y!
(8!
!uper)!)qu!) ( ' ne(! (!)!(!()!)((((((z()(((z! ( (!!)!(((zrhi!!!e
!!!!(!(qu)z)lnnn!))!ee!y!)j()(((! yeoue!)()!!t((!!)(((!!((()()!(!()(((!)))!) ha!!j11x tha!t!!u!r!!(((((!((((!!)(!((!(!((!!!(((! k! yy
th!0!)()) th)(!!)(qu!!(!(()!() ())((!)((w! jo!! ( te)
he)!o!!)e!!)()(!)!)!((!!)())((((!)((! )! yeo!t!oqqam7m! ec)! (q!)))) )((((z!!!(!!))(3hy!qq( ()j! ven!!)e!!(m)()())((())) !(()!)(9!)((zr(!(5he!!!!!!!!(!!)( te!!!(j!((zri!me!!((zri)(( te!
!()(((())(!)(!!)!!(((! k!) ) ()((wo!! jo th)((!()(()(!((!!!!!)(! (!(! ()(!(!(!) yev(t!)))))))))!)!))))))))!)()()!()) (() (k
te!!eq((
sr ()((z)!(()((!((((!((!!)()() t!u)jon!!) 5wo)(!(
tja!)jx t))m!)!((()((((z(z(! ()((z)!) (!(
of))(!))((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((! th0!eer!lan)
o!it
(!()!))m!)(!()!(()(()(((())(((()(((! yeve!q h)!(!!) ((()! ()(((!)(!))))((!)))!!
an)
ya)()))()))!((())))(((()) ((((!(
(zi!y (y o)(((01)!(((z((()!!(!!
15y0)!! ! cjo (t((!!)!((((((zr!(al.
()((z!((!(((k! cjo!(que!!)!!((()j(az)( y (')( on!)((((((()!(((!((!!((((()()((! ( ((((zera)))((((((())))))))))))()))(((zr(iut) ((vxj?h!ee) t!!)()(!)!)() ((((! () ou(-r)))!)!)(((z)((((((((()( (()(((((((((zera!!!!q!!(i!)!5ujos!)((())!((z)( (((!!!(! c!!()((z((z! !) yes
!!)!)!())))is
(w! (7)wn)))qqxt!n!((()j(t!y(
!p((bo!c) (one (( )))!!!)()() )m(((k!y!!(((()) ((()() th)!
no)(()!!!!)(a(!() ()! (()!)((() t!) ((!(! y t!reo!!!!(
xe!q(7)!!!
) (!)(( ye!(!()c!!(


y h)()(!te!(! ('s!())(! ((((z!)(! cjo!e((xjxg!i (vo
o!): ((! y!! y!x!!)()((!) ((!((!)(
o!!kbe!!!!!(!
('s (k(y!(((z))(((((!((us!(((! yel!
t!!
of!)(!!(z()()((((z!(
t! ((z!((zra!(q( te)()(n)!()!!!!((! ( te)((q(!(((! ke!u!j(quh)r(! (vee!!
()!!() ((!)(() !!((! k!!) y!!)))p!j0,)
h(0 tzee)!!)(((!)((!!((we(!()k!) (((!!)!)((zrh!r(t!n!  ((!(! y!((!((((zr!!!()!!) ((((zera)!!)k!))((zeritak!!((! t! ()( ((ze! t!! i!(
(((((z)!!(


yeve(t)ar!!ed!e!()lv!d)!!(((!()!(((!))(((()))((z)( (be)!)
o!)()(())!p!!
o!t0!()) 1( (z a)) (zr!) th!!))((!((z!!)(!)!)(((z!jo!qm)((ra!())(! ye ()a(!))) !r!(!((()) 
!!!!!(9:usor)(((qut!)!ues(()()) (z((()(((((z!()((!!
(z('s! ye!t!qk)((ag.(!(!())) 11)
of!!!!!!)!())(!!)((((((!!)((((((()()) (zera!!!!)()(((((((((((((()l)(((zrhiy!!.t!)! the!q(!)!os!(!((z!)((()!()!()j)!((q!((q!(quson))))((((((((((((((((!!!))!((()()(()(((zer  8co9!
 
7i(mte!!)()(((!!!))!)!)!!!!)!(((z!() (w! (quist!(()))!!qusji((()((! (!!(()()()!())(()!)!!!!!!) th!)
3; ye () i0o !()((())))((((!()! (!()((ziz!!1)(((! ye o!()(!)()((((((z(z)l() o*
()()! isu!))(qui(e)jq(ze!jqu!a!(v)j) o!)r(qu!x! 11: ((z!j!( o!!(y! he((m!8w!(y ()(qui!(( ( o (((!!((!(
((z)ln()1'e!(8kno!)!))((!!!(q((!(! ((!(() (()!!)!) (!! ( ye (0 o)!!)!!!!)!))!) (we!q ())()j(!)!)))) )! ye
()0 ( o)t)la((t!qqqu)p! (((ziau!((!()( y!) (! y! nh()!e!)(())!))(!(())!)!((((((zr!i!((qm)(
!eoel!! (( ((!((!))()!!))()!!(()( ()( ()( te))v6
i0)lom((!(((!!))!!(((!(!))((!()()! ((!)((!!() yev!e)e))))))))))(())()!(
()())(()!((((((zrhiy!ey))
au)!)!is!) (x(((()( ((!(!!(!!)!!
ose!i()(!o!!!((!!)(!!) (()j(t!)(((((((!! yo!j0 uen)!!j)!! ((()!(((((z!((()!()( (w! (!(
of!()!e)e!!(!)(()))))!)(()(((z!!((!((((zera))!e!!)q!()((!!)(()((((zer!
ene)!)))!(!(((((((()(()!!(()(
th))()!)))!!!!(!!))))(())((z))) 1;
()! unt jek)())))!)(((!!!)((!((!) ()!!!) tr!!((zera)m)e!!(q!!((!)!)(jese!!(()(((!!()!!))!!)!!) ( y!)((!!!() the!!ee!))!) () y ((()(((!)(!!((((((!!!!)) h)

rvi(((!(((((((()))(()!)(!))(((!(!(!((!!(!
on)(!))(((!((())!(((((!)))!()((!)()! h! j0kwe!ln!(qus
 (fer!) ((!!)()(!!()!()()(((((!(!())(!()!(jo))(((((!!)))(((()(((((((((((!(((((zr!iki
!s!qi!!! (((((((zera!t!j!(((!)(((z! (()j((z(z()jxw!e j!)((wo!! jo (q(k)) 1tye!!a!i!(((z()(!!((! ((!!))()! yeel!!)(!)(()l)jo!a!(wn(! y(z)() () !!!!!
(wo!()()!) ( ()) a)( ( 0;)!5!(((zrii)!(q((zera!a(p!!m!(()) an)(((((!(!(((! k!) an(m)!(!)((((((()()((((()())))))()) (k!) of (!!)!q
!)(!)(!((!(((z

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i (!((()!()(((!))((()!(((!!!)((((!!!()( th))())!!)!()!!(!!!!!)!)!!! (we!q j0k!)(
a!ajo!! y!qa!!o!) 5)fro!e!()()!!() ((((!(()(()!!!!(!!!9))(((zrhiy!qtto!!!t!t!!((()(()((())((((!)(()!((((z)l)( the!(((!)))((((!!!)!)(()(!(((!(((!(!)(!!(8sjkn0 
zie)!qu'm)(shq!qi(((((k!)j! (()!()(!(! (w!(x ca0'9( ta)
t!(!(x1xea!qe!q!)(()!)))(!(((()(((! yev!()()) () ta!e!(()!)!)() )(())()!!) (25)!)((!)!(! yeve!!!!!!)!)))))(()))(!)(!!!) ((!()((z)!(
ana jo!!t!!)(!))!))!((( on!!()((((!!)(!)!((((((((((((((((((z(()(
tra) th))qins!]!!!)()))()!)(z(()(()((!(((!(! ()!(! yone!!!!!!!)()))()(((!!()(((zer (m)a()!))(! )(((z((ze)( t!y)(
h)0  (()ly!joa!jx!(u(() (k! (((((()(((()((!!((((zri)(ms
!n
h))!! ()())(8!))))))))((()(((()((ze))(! .
th)(((())(!!(((!!) ()((!!!)(!)) ty t!0)))(za!ed!!!!((!! yoi)())) 1!!(((((z! no)((!)(((((!((((((((()())())((!)(((()j!!
atc)!!te!)!!!((!!)!!!!!!)!!(((!!!!)!)(!(((zrh!n(!!!!)(()))()(((((z)(()!) ye!
(!)() ! ch8
!et!e! )p)(q((z)jx((z)() (!))!(((zr!))(k (f'er(!o!)) or(o!!)(z((! ()!()))!(()((!!!!(((((((((!) ye!

1:
o (q
in!!)!!!
((zr!i)((((!() ((((ze!) (((! kno!!)(()!(((!!!)!!!)!))(((((((()(()!))( ( ye!! jke (vou(t!!() (((((zr!)(!!(()(()())) ()!()(
(zit!ea!!(!!!)!!) () ( o!a(a !!(((! ()( t!o' ke o)!!)) !((((!((())(((()((((z(zend)!!!() lnc!))!!(((!)!(!)(!!)!))( y!!(!((((!!(!(! nu]!())))!!!!!(((())!((!!(!(()(!!!8 )) ((
tra)t)
!qm!)!
th)e!!q(!! !(!(!)!())!)!((!!
2uqu)(q
y!)!(9h)))( te!)
a!! th)!(()((!!(() ( ((! !()(! () o!! ke2(zere)
((r!((quzl!!)((un!!( n)((((!) in())(()!(()!((((! ( ((((z((zera)e!('0)) h(q
tr)q
(( ou(!!!!)()((!!)()!!()((!(()(!)(((zr!(((( t (
ue!(()!)!)!!!!!)))!)))!!)))!)) tr)en!
y01;i!ano)(!!)!!!) ())!!(()!(!(()(()((zer((a! (! yeve!!(!(((((!))))!)!)!!)(((z)()))(( (!(
tha)t !qqb!(!!(!! ( ye!an!!j8)( (((((!(!) yen!o)!!) 1 nn!)!(((((((((!) ((z)(()(())(!((z((!(()!) yese! alja))((
)!(!(!)() t! ((z)((((w!()((()l!((ziqjme!((!!!))!))(())((((()(())(((((zera!qu!!q(t (t!o!!94te!!(y! (!!)(!(p!(()((z(z(!(!!!
1:e!!!
o!qi)me!!)((re!!0q)) (((!(
!us!j)(? ((((zer!!e)t! (((z(((z()! t!! (
a)c(ze)le!u())!yw!(((()(
the!)(!)(!!))!)(!!(()(!!!)(((!!!)(()!!!!(quhe!)t!!t !)s!!w!!) (q()!()(!))!)) ()(
((zera!cvd)()!)))(!((()()((!!(()!!(((((! !!(!!(


yeo)e!!er))))))!)!()))!!)()!)(z((((((((((zera)m!!!y!((!)(((()(((((((()l!)jy)qspee!)!()!!((!)()))(((((!)(((()!(! ( y!!()j'4 hr(
 jo (9eu) 8oqu!!()! ((!!((((!!(((((!(!((() () (zrhi!!)!)!!!)!!!((()((()(((((((!((! ( t!o! yev(x t0.
th))!)!)!(!!()!)!))(((())(())(!!!) ( (wo)!t (ta!)!((!)))mj! ? yom)(r!)()!)!((() ((! () of!))(()
())(())) 15eyn)!)()((((()!(((((!((((((((!((((! y!(((zri(!m)t!)r))en!) to!(()j)! ()!()(((!!((!!!!( ((!(!(
!() the!((!!!))(!((((!))(!)((((!!(!!)(!!)(!)) ha!!r!!!q!))(()!)!
on)((((((((!(())((!((()l!(((((!(((!(
(ziarh!m : qlh)qbo)) ((!)!((!((!((((()!((()!)(9:8!)cn (car(!qzazell0)na()(((())!!(9(()!!()((()() (())() (w!qn! nu't!)(!)!)(()(()((((zr!) ((!((((((zi)!((zi? 25wr!(!!!))(!!!(q())(we((!((wo!!tj)!) )!! (1:uee!!!!(!(( o((!() the)(!!)))!()(((((!())(!! (!)(! (!)))!(((zri((i!!r)!w!!!!y h))!th))) ())(! ()((!! (((zr))((!(!(! v)jo n:)q((()!!!! !)) () (!((yem!q()))!))!!()!(((()))(!((((((!((w o!()!!)())!!!!!!!!!!!!)(!!!!!!!!!!!(!(! ye
(qlem)(!))))) ha!!!)q!y!0x(!))!)! !()((!(!)!) (() !!((quunn(78x)q0vi!! !(!(! x!((z)((! ( t!)(we!!je)fee!)) ((z)! (! k! nh)((()!)!()(!!()())(!)!))(!)(((!)((!(((zerai()qe!((()((((()( (ww(!t()(
((!((!(()!(


(7ro0a'qile!((sha(!)((z)(((()!(()((((()()(!)(
()j((((! kee!((!))!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!))!)!!!)!!!!)))!
21 the!(())!!))!!!!
!)( ((!) yev(! y!!!()((zith)!a!)((!(((b!(!!!(())((ze!!)((((
o!c!t!)'es
( o-!t0o)!)!()(((()()(!()(( !!!(!)((yem!q)e!()i!)))!))))))(((((zrh!qm!d!(m!!(x!jy! x)!(q)lne!!!(() ((!)(!() th!()) the!!((!)()! (((!!)(((
th!!)!(((((!((!)) ty ((()))))):qu(mt!)! (9, h)
he)((!!)(((!)(!(!!!)())!)!)!)((!!)!((zi(u
f!!(q!!!!s!)j((((z!!((
(zi(v(y 
! (! ye (!0od!  ! ((! k! ! ! cj!9d! ea!!)q!j)(! ( te!!!
)((
()! (!)!)) ha)er! a(t))))((()(((! ( te!!()j) (()(!(!() th(!! !qx(8ky!!!!((()!!)!!!())!!)(((!!)( ye o)!)(())(()((!((!!!) h!!e!t
u
e!)!))((w 
ta!!)e)!(t!((()())((!(((!!) (!)((((((!(
on))!))e))((((!!!(((!(((((()(()((((()!!
an)
ya!()!!!!!((!!!!()!!!!)(()!)))() t!us!
ha))
xar)! h(x )mo!(7)!)))((! 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i )!((()!()(((!))((()!(((!(!!()((!!!(((zri)!te!lo!e!(((!ys!)( ((!)(! ch7
)!!((((((! ( t!; ine!qq'8j? y!
((zi!a!e) 'pom!(q(()()(((()!((((z!(()!(!!
25!)((()j(
of))))(!)()((((())())(!)))())(()))!) ((kee)(md!)()!!!)))!)))!))!)())))))!!!(!!)!
ana)!

0cj! 0)))((! (((zr!!!(!) of!)!!) 5h)kr!)(yem! (e.))(())((zi!) ((! y! ((z(z! (w(x(k!ywm!!r (((d!te!)t!!!) (((!(((zriu!)i!)!))(k!!!(!(((z)l!) ()) tr)())(w! jose)!!!)!!) (()()))(()l!)(())((((zr!))!)(kee!(!! !!!(eh((((!!)! (((be!
()!( y!!)!()()(()! unt!o)))lekij)! !!)!()jo(!!(
):!) o)(((!((!((() th)(!(())()((!)))(4()j'(zera).
o!!!!d!(((!)!)!)!8)!)(w(z!())(((! y
tem!!))()((!!!((((()!(!)(!)!(!!!() ( !!(
an)
0e)!!!!((!(((!)))!))((z!j)jon)))!(!!)
tr!o!!!))(!)))( (we!!((quhe!(()!((((!((()!()))!()!!y (zer!))!) ou0)
t)(!!!!((!()()()())))((((((!(() ((((zera)
(
o!q! ( )()) (ze!)()! ! (((((zera()(8h)
((zi(fe!t!(!!!! ((we!((jo!))((!(! ( ye (qr)() o!o)!!)) an!)cc(!!(qu!)!()!!)!(()((z(() (w! (q(!( hi())!(()())((((()))())(()()))())))))(!(
on)()((!!()))!((!)!!!((!!(!!!!!((()((((zera!qu)!)!!((z!((!)( tes!!(((((((((!(((()(((!(((!)((((zra!!!) o!)!!)((!!))()(!!))!(zit!!))(((((!(((((((!(!((()l!j(() ((be!qm))(!!!))!!))((((()(!((()()((!! yo)(!3jo()by)((z(z)jos!  xve!)!(zl!
)) (!)()() ()()! k! ye!)( ou!(r!!((()((z!(()(((((z(((((zer!)(f!(!)(((((((!!(((
((z()() )mo0i)q): quii((0?! )((((ze!(!) in!
!!
(z)! y! ((z(kem!)!qo)!)! ())))(())!(((
th)))) th)(!)())()())))))((z)))( h!(()!6; y
! ('4bzajdoy!!))( o)
!! k!)(!! yo,(ze((z9)!))()(! xt o)((!!)(!)(((!)(!)((!!(((((!!)(((!!
((zra!em(!))!!!!)())()()())))(!!(((()()(!)(! yeve!!!!!!!)))!!!!!!!!!!()()()(!)))()) ()( th)(!quer!))())((!)!!(!!((!((((!!!!!((()!) yev!!) the!(((!!!!)(w!!(!!)(!((z(!!!7!)!(((((!!(


yeve!(!!!)(y!)())( (w(zero!))))!((()(!!!!((((!!!!!((!!!)!) () ((zrii!!o)!!!qoe!(zri)!!'(!!(!!))))(!(!((u!((w(z)(((ze!jqa!u
(fu!()se))!) (be)!(y!!()!)(((! ()(!(((!(((!! (!!!!)))() ou()()(((((((((((((((((((((((((z)((( ()((zeraut!)))!!))((()((!)())))(((z) (((k((z)!(


yevx!e!!))))!)j!)!)())()(((!!((((p!) ((v!) 1;
of)8q!ql)))!)(! 6:!!(((((((()((!((y!) (zejxf!!!qt!!0!
(9:9) o a!)! ((!!!!!(!()!(!!()) ()! ()!!)!!)(! yeve!!!!(!(!((()(!))!))() i!((()))((!(!)(
on!)!)(!)))))(((((! ()!) y!!)() t!))!)( y ((34w!q!) ) !!
28)!)!) ke!(ws! (qu!( th))(
(!! (!! (!(! (((z)( (w!!)( ou!)!()!!!!!!)!!)))))((((((((((((()((((((zera!! the)(m!!!!!!!!!)())!!)) (!()! (!!))!((z)) th))!eae! n!(! ((z)i!)(!! yo! t!(rc)!(
()!!)((() th)!(((z)l(( t(()lej!(z)(
o!8in()(vx!!) n!()!()!5)a)lj)((v(zi!(!(
(ziy!di!!)!
 ye
(r)qu))!((u!p!(!!
a!)((w!(8!(()j!()) h)

th)
t! !r!j)!((((((!(((((!) ((((!()!! ((zera(((e(!!(!((((((((((()((()()( th)((qm)(? ran(! t!!zriit!)(s!(!(((!(((((()j!!) (()! ( ye (()(ke!!
i!q!! yon)()()()()( !() t!() ( te!m()()tne!())()()(!!!() (((! ((!()((((z))(()(!) yet!q))))))!)v))!)(()(( (! ((ziy!t ())(()! thr!!qze!! !!!) ( (!)!(!) yev(z!(!()(((ke)q?!() th)!)(((ke!jone)))!)(((q((((()!) ((!()))!()!))! (!!)(


yeve!!t!)!y

)()( of!)(((())()(()((()()!!)! ha!!(x( ofe!)!)()((!((!!!!(((!(((((! ((((!((!)(( (wo!!te!()()))))!)!()))!))((((!!(!)(! ())(
th)!!!)!)))())))())(!!))()!)(!!)!(z!j)(k
th))!)))()))(())(!))(()(!!!)(((!))!!(()j'sj8keot!((!!!!!)!!(!!!!!!
ato!(((((((z!)! ()(
tr)en!lkg)m)!)())!((8(

uet))(qv(((!((())((((z((zer!!((zr!ik! ()j(7(
!!)((wha!(((((((!!(((()(((z!!)((((! k!!!(!!)) 
y
o)))nhas!n))z!!)((!(((!)!!((((((((((!((((!(!(
an))qie(m)om))(!) y)))()(!(
th)qqk)!(! ke ())(y!)( th))(( te!!!((!!(((z(z(z(z()()) (( t!!)((((ze) ta)o)((!! ( o!a)a)cd)t!!8!tjoy))!(9()(!(! (()!)!)!!((! (9! u(b(((!) yev(

o(!o!20b (f t!(f)) ((()l!)()!)((((!!(!(
((z!j)ga!t!i r!)!!!() ! d)(()((((!!(((() ou!!!!
an))u
(zr! ((vo!)(()!)()((((((ze!to!o)))))()!(!!
!!((()!)!!)!!(!((((!) (be(()!!)!!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!av!

tr!(!io!()!!
!(!((!(
(z)! un!oxe)v6y0
o)(f)(!!!)!!!() (!! yo(e!
()(() (wo!! jxjxomi0!)qi)q() (f! ()!!(!((((((((((((zr!!))dx1x t!os! j!( t!(!) z!)!((!(! (!(
th!tt!)))(((((!)))!))(!(((((()()((!((()!((
ana)!)))!!(((())()))))))))()())((())((! () th))!!!e!)(!!)()!(()((()l)j! (! yeve!(((!((!!)((!(()))(()))))!(y!!o! !!!) o)cxee))(!!()q(k!)(8h:y!)!) i!8)()!)((z((! ye (f)
 xo!v!((!(
o!ai)((z))(())!) th)()((
in)!q(t! (! k!!)) the!!

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i (!((()!())((!()((()!(((!(!!()))!!!)((zimhh
w!(sjo!((z)!! i(((((((((((!!!9()()((((!) t(! yeont!((!!!!)(!))))))(()!!)))!!()(()()!)!)((zit!((! the!!((((((z)l((!(!(()(! y!!) th!th)!!!!)((((!((((()((((!)!()()!!(()(((zrhiy!y)i(qk)))qss6k!((ze(((()(()!((!!)!(!! y! k! no!((!!!(()!!(((((!(((be!!)(or!)((((zr)!!
o (!!!!((((! (wo!!()(((z)!)(((((((zr!i! th((!!!)ga)f)!!)!o!ea!!) ((vi)((((((z(z!q((zer! fi!e!)(((zi)!!
o a!!((!)!!() (!!((!)(()!(!!
15y0)( (! ken!o ( !
()! k(ha!j(!)()(((!(()((! ()!!((! cjo (8!e!!)!)) )! ()! unt!(xqute(!(q!a!!!) th)!
!!(
o!))( ((k! c!) (fo!)((q(y)!(!(! y!)(8!
o!a je!)6!(e(
t! 
8evt!()k!!)(!)!!()!(!!) !!(!!((()! t!ro!) 5w9wh)(v)! (8(((! ()!!((!(()!()((!(
())! yeo!e((!!)(jo!)(()(()((((v!(8!)((! y! j)) ou()(!) o)j(()((((z(((!(()(((((!(((l)))((zrht7(me!!))(())):


() an)))(!))(((()((((((z((ze!((((((zer!! r! y! yha)(!!(!))()!!(! (())) ())(!(()!(!!)(! ye o!!.
ou(!) t)((((((!(()((!() t))))!!
( ((z(zra!!! (o)qta)(xd) t!z)d!!(9: o!)v!jou)!(!! (((!(!(()) anq(m (((!((())(((!((yem!!)(((q(!)(((!(! ke!jxom))!())!y!y)) (zera
y!))()(()()(()(((k!)(()))(8;)(!()((! ye o!!(!qle!!)!()((!!!!()((a!)(!!)((!))( tee!(!!!!!!!!!!!! y!(u!)(((z! (!!((!!) () th)!)()!)!()!))(!!)!((!!!!!!)! uno (:(e!ca!i((!!!!!(!(!)) h)!!((z(zr!i!qq)l!) ata))8 ((! kno-!)(((!!)!!!(()!)()!!((!!(!!!(!!) i!!5!
 ha!!qen!m)()!(z)(!(((ke((zr!))())( (!(! yjo! ye!t0)l((kee!r)(kg)()! s!) (())()!!()))(((!((!!((wso!()())!()((!(((((((((((!)(!!)!
(!))(!(
tjo e!!
e!!6eem))(((!(!!
((((((()((()!)((!( ()! un!('8cci(()!!!))()!!(!((((((zerai(e!!()!((!(()()())()))((((())(()l!()!
2:ejo()!)))!)!!!)!!)!!!!!)))!))) h(!jo!(x)(
' te!(q((k!!)( ((((ze!!!(!(((k!!!!!!()!)jo!e t)t!!()!) ((! k! t!!)sq!(((()(((((z((! ye r-)(tt!!!! z!l!
(!((zr)te!!! (( (ze!)(( y! ( ye!!po(
)r!) (((k!!
) o!vv!'!)))(!))))! (
of)))(!()! (((((((!(!)((((()!((((k!)((zith!!am!!()!))!(!((!!((!!)( (wo)()(((()) anq'xjone)(!))s((()()))((!()!!)!!() ((!!)(
(((! kee!((!)()!!)(!))!!!!!))!))!))((!(!!!)((! yeve!!qmtt!)!))()j)((((zrhi(!)!((!((((()))(!!!
(()( th)((((((w!qnhe!((!))(((((!()()!)()!!)(!!) 5:ey (t!!)))!))))(!(((!(
(()))()!!((()l!jjqwke 
e!!(!!)j!!))) h()!t!((!()(((((!()( ((!)) ty!) (q(kn!t!)!qle!qqa()lv
((v!!)!)) ()(((()()() (we(t!)! o))!a!))()!)))((((!((!!)))!((()()( te)!0ei
o !!q!8 (!)))))())() o!de!qke!!!q(!(! y is((!())()((((()(!)(!)()(((((()((() ((voys(te!!()(((((((((((!(((((((! ( (!)((((k!(quse!()(!)!)))))()q 'sse)!)(!)!(7)!((((! kno!(!))(!!!)!!(!(!!!!)())((!!()!)((zi!!u!do (0)qul!t)()ev!!q!(zzr)m7)wn*('(u! (! ( (is(z(zri!(()q[!(()( '(a((z!) 1(!(
th))((0!!)!)))))( t)ke!(('s!ri!!8ken!((z(z(z5j?!y !) o!e!j((b!)!
on!!)(()!!(!!!) (!()(!() ((((((!!()((:us
o!()())))!!()!!!!!!!)!((((!!)!
!us!)jo ((m)!)!! !!() !(!()! usan)(!!)!)!)()))))!)))!)) )!((! ( te)()(( o!c!e!! ()!) q!y!)!!!!)(z! !!((
of!)!)s))() ()(qui!(
tr!)m)e!)(((!((((zerai() ((!!(!(((((() th))!!!!)!)!(!((((((((((!()!))(!) yeve)(())(((()((()()()((()!!!!!)(()( ()))) 10,7j8kh8
(8ron!)(7)()(w)!!() ()( ((((!((((z((!)(((! yeveh))!))))(((((((((((((((((())((((()))(!) yet((qx? jos(qvh)(()
t! ((! () (((! (!)(! ye!()!((! cjot!!!te((qro))(z!) ()((!)()))((!((((((!!(


yevx((tee!!rr!!!)((q()!(((!(!!!)!)!!!!)!()()(((zrhi!! a!aq
 th)(!!(k!)so!0()((!))(((((!! y!qr! o!j(!y (fe!(a!(
! t)w!(8)! y!(((z()((b! (! ye!qxano)t(q!((!)tn!!!))()!!))((()())!)) (!)!!(
of))!))()(z!(!)()! (((((! y))! 12!
()( te!t!!!q!!)!!e!q!!!)() th)!
(!(!)(!((!!((!!
)) th)((!)(((((!))((!(((!!(!!(((((zra)!m!t!mha
 !))!(
?(((()((!(! (((((((!! y!q(!(
2:uen!((!((((((((((!!((((((((ze! (((ze!(((wo!t!)!)!))))))(!! ()!!((!) ((z(!)!7)((((zra!q(i!et!!!!)))))) 1:)!y h)!!))!(!)(!!)((())!))(!!!((((z!((((kee!!me!
!((!ij)(pea!x)((! ! (
of!)()!)(((()(((((((((!!!!)()((((((((() th)!!!!)!(!!!!())))))))(8:1 ch9ne!!!xss!)
ata(m)()()(((z(((((z!) ()()!!) (7!(((!))!) 0?



yev!)(
)!!!!qmmo)!)!(!)!)()()(!)) (() ou!(!((((() ((w)jo!uh! () 0)(!? ((((z(((())(()()))! y of!!x8y!!e!! s!)lve!((()(((z!!!)! (!(((! ((()()! ((z(! ((kee!!)!!)!!!)!(p!)((((zi))ve!!j)( o!) al!! (8h7h)!((!)() !)!)!!))(((k(!!!!(u( (!) yev() o*)!()()!))))))(! y!)f! (j!! (()j) 5; cue(
t
w)r !y!!p!q()! ue(
u!)
e!!!()()(((((!!) 5:e!)(
o!)) o)(!) (!!!(() ())( o!zv(1(re((())))) )))(

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i )!((()!()(((!))(((!!(((!(!!()!(!!!)((be(
!t'ev0!on)(( ((((!()((()j)!()((!((u!!!)(( ()josw!))(!((!(((!((!(!)((! ke!((w!!) (()()(
th)!!!!!q(ee!!!!())(6!)(((!)(! y!) 8)) in))!!k!!) (zri!!!(())(((ze!! r!q)j! ()) h)

x'((k 
 (8jo))ma)()(k! y!att!)t!(!!((()) (!(()))(((b o!!)((!)()()))!)(!!!!!!!)(!!!!!)! ye!!y i0oe(i)!!!!!) y!!!!(!))!))(()(!() )((((k
o)(qxqle!i))))ja!e))(w)) h)(((((! y!)(!(()( (v! ys!
o!(!e(((zera!w!)( (((((z! no!((((!(()))(((((((!))(!))((((()((!((z!! yo!jo 0;ouea )c!))!))!()()()()(()!(((!()))(()))(8)
an))(9  8(()!t!q!:) ((!((! (!)))((!)()! yeete)!(!)))))!))!))(()))!)!!)))((z()())!)(9:7e0x'sk   8nt(t!(()))()()(!) !) yek!!j))()((!)(
(z)lne)!
()i!(j(zzr!!)(((((! th0te)!!)!! (((()l)(!) 1()!(!) the!(!!!)!)(((!!))))(!)(((!!!)!))!!!)(!)) ty t))!!)!!!d!tha!!(qu!((m n ())j(!(((((! ( t)(w!(((z)!!(((((!(
on))!)!)))())!!(((((z((((()( (()((w)))!
25eqp!q!e!qcu!!)g)
jp ((ke!(sto ((!!!)!((! ()(!!(() ()!!(((!((!!(!(!(
ano))))!))!!!!!)()!)(!())))())! (!!!)!!)(! y ta!!!te!!m!()(()!!()!(()(((((!)(((((((z(! ye o!)!r (z(((ze(!((!!) yeg!q
u!!q(q! r!)((8!( ((k!((zr(be
)!y!)((p))!()jo t')!)(!((!!!()(! ((()!!
an!y!a!!!!!)((!(!!!9)! ye!()k! o! 1)
(( o!a!jxas)! ()! y! (yy)((!()()!((!) y!!c)) h)jjo)(((!(((!)) (! ) t!o!))(()(()(((!((pe!l(((!!!)!)))())(((z( on)(((()(y!((())(
th)))!!))(())!)()((()()!!(((()jxw!q()!(
ana)!())!!)!!)())!!))( ()!!) th!(he)(!(m!((5)(w!!()(())()((
(zer!((((w !uso))(()))!(!))( te)t!r()qi)((()( (w!))!!() t!! ( y o!!)(((((()(!((((!((!((()( (! y!! (!)(
th)!ea)!!!!!((()))((()(!)!)((z!()(()!) yevt!!))q(!))((!((!!((
a!)(()(
tr) (()!(
an))))))!(())( i((
o)!q)(a!!
(zr))((po!omo))(!u!!)(! ())((z(z((!((k)!)(!((!!((q(kno!!)!!!!!!(!(((!)!!!!
((ze!!((((!!(
! ye o)))((zi((((((((vx(z(z)ln(ta ()!()!((((()((()))(
t!)(()(((!)()))(? keet!?'seo!((!!))((!) y!((! q!)) (k!!())((! y!!!
an)
y! 0?: (
an))c)eoh!)(!(()(!(()!()!)())(!(()(!!(! ((zi) ( o(c'sh)o!(!!((()))(((()(!!(!!(5)((!)((((zrh!)
m (!jj0

8o)an'!)! ()j8? ye!(qu!y!)x9w o a)((!k!!)!(((z)!)))!(!) ((() th!))!!((!)!!!!)(!!!!!!)((z!! ()!(((zr!)
trt!0!

5(y!!!))() o!!))!!!!((((!!!8!!((!(
an))((!)()))(((z)(!))))()(((((zr)i!()(! ye o!)q( ro(()!(!!) (!))!)((((! ((v))!(!(((zr!)((( th))o;jde  (8cj!!l!(((!!)!()((k)(((!!!)!)!))((((wo)! j0
h(qatee!!!e!))() t!!))(((!)(!)((zrhi(()()((((zeru())! r!,sh(q(!o!8((! ((((z)))()((!(! ((zejo9!(
to t!)!!!)!)!!!)!)!!))!()!((9!)(!)!(!())(
th)!!!!)((!(!)!!!!!!)(((((((!!!!)! ! () ou(]!je!!!(((((())((((((((((((z)()(()(!((lom((()!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!)((()!)((((zriu
(! (ee
!t! 5t! (7:)!(((! ((!(((!)!()((ast!(que!a
ou((()(()())((((((zra!!!)()(((!)(()((((((zera(!((q((! (!( (((()(((((()lve!!!))))()!i!jjun!)0)(w! j(((((! ( (!(!((((((z! n!]!) th((b)()!!)(()(()) (zera)!!)(q((9:)(()!!(
)z))) 1tp!((!(!!!)(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(!!! ye!! (cnd!!)!((((((()())((((((((! ((!! ) (z)(! ( tee!!!qt  1
(t!))! )!) ye!((((( ((!!(!() the!((!(()!!))!)()((()(!!!!!)!)!)(!)((!)(
of)()!)((())()((((!((((())((z)( !(()(((zer -q3yn! !!!!xtn!)((!(*)) t!((w 
u()d!(()()(
)(! (!)))!)))()((zi! ((be(kd)t)!!((((()k!!(((!)(((z)((( o!!(zl(! the!q
o1)((z! ( )!!!!!) ()!!!!)!3!)! y!!(


y er!!!))(((!)(!!)!)) ()!(!!
!!!
(! ! ((zer! he!qjoy te) a)(())()())!())()(!)!!()()(((((!!()((k
t4;w zi(e!!(z)(
((((!(( h([)) ((wo!!) o!!!)(((w!qnsst!!8! () (((()(
()! ist! (7) ((wo(()((zri!e)))()(!(((((z)!()(((()((ze()) the!)!)!))))!)!!())))!!))(!)!)!!!)!)!)()! ha!eo((t!!x)! ) ((! ye!jou!(())) t!!))w!y )( th)((()e)((!(!))!!((! kn!!q(!(! ((((!)(! yeve!!!!!!)(()!))))!)))((()))!(()))()) ()( th))(q((!))(!!!)!(!)!!) (!) y!!)!!) (() of!
ziym))((!!(!)(!(()))(((()(!))(((((((zer(-
h(smo)()((((((()())((((!!)!!(!!!!(((!!)((((zrhiy!t7!!)!(!!!!!!!!(((f!!!)!!!!)))!((((()jxw!)e(mne ()d)u!)((!!a!!(') ! n)!!(
!(
o!))()! yee!!imah!((! ((((!()!!((((((((zr!i)((())(!) t!q

o)' ee!(!!!)!(quse!t!(((()t!((!))(!)((!((y)(()!(((()()! ( ne!(!!!!!(!!!!!!((!!!!)!!!!!)()((()! ()(! ye o!!.'mte) ())!!((
o!kmh!!!((((!())))(6!(!!(!!
at) ((b! ((zer!
x tr))(h)!)()j!(!
(!)!(j)(((!(!((((z(!)) ha!
r(!!)()
y
!!!yo)!!) on))!!!)) 1((((!() the!((!!(!!))(!!)))(())((()()(()!!!)(!!!(yo!!
h!!0)re!(
of!)((k!(()((z()) ()(((zere)!)()!!q(((vxarja!!eny)! ()((!()l(()( te!t0!))(()!()(!

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i )!(()))()(((!()((()!(((!(!!!)!(!!!!((use()q7mto!(!(!( (((!)((!!)((w!(()()() t!! y th)(!e))!)())((((ze! o (!((((!())!((!( ! ye xt!!q!!(!)!)((z)ca!))(((((()jxw!)! j()(
tra)!))))e! 
15)f! 11:a!) 
(8!!
!(()(()(! ye o!!) (vin)() o)
( to)q)))i! (()!)((!)((()(()(((ze!(2(!!)!((
of (e)!!!!))(()))))(!!)))!(()jo(!(((((! kno!!)))!!!(()(!!()!(()())()() ou(!)((!!( ye (n)!))) ()!(((!!)))(((((((!(
((zr!!).(6; yeo!q v0t!(q)c!!()!)) t!!)!)))) ()(((()() th)!)!!w
u!e)(!()(8(()) ))(!! ((((!!) 3(y h!8!!e)!!!()!)()))((!(!!!)!!())) 1;
(k!ywi(e ())))!))!!((!((((z)((z(! y)()( (be-!0h()) o!(!!
 hi!!(!!))(()!)))(!!))()(((!(((z)(()((()( th(t!!()!))(((()(((((((((((()!(!!!(((!((! kee!()(me!0)!)!!()()))))()((((z!()(()!)) ty t0)!!)!)!))!)!)!!!!!(!)!!(! yjy(z()()( ta-!jqmj-k()())n)!
)jf! 3h!q(()ln!((! (ve!ea!na)!)(!!(())(()!(((!!())(()(())) 1)(k! () ou)]! (31xxzeep:n(!!(e!) () (((ze! ()(((!((!(! ee(( (wi(a!u 'jeef)( !!!((zlezi(k!!(!((!()()((((!!))( ((voin!(!(q! in((!!!!)!)!(!((()((((((((((((ze!! ((ze!1:ejo(( '8!
os)(()!!((((((k(((((()()!(())(
t0!)( (kee)(8y)!w!  no!!!!!!(()!()())))(8!(((z)!((((!((!(((((zera(!a!!
!((f!t!n)!(
(f)jve!)1()(! y!) )! ye((zi (! )) !! (((z! (zra!!() 
(q!!!()(!!(()((z(! y!!)!))!

! rjee(!!))(u))!)!!()( (z!!!!(!)(! y t!q(! the!(y (!!)(!()!!)!!)()!!! y))j(f te!-(!(( o!aj x4o)))) h)
t!)q)!!(((((!()( ! !!) hr)(!q!! ((!(z(z!((!(((((((((((()((w!!!(
of!))))))((((((qu!()((()) 1w!((z!(
(()lve!!!!!!)((! kn)(q)(5))(!! ((!(((!)()!)! kee!(()!((((((((((((((()((((()!)(


((! kno!!!!!((((((((((((((((((((! )((!! ()!) (zer( t0 o!!!!!!(((!!)(!)()((()((!(((z)) 1)(!! yo!e
o))(o!q((!!)!()!!()j)!!)!) y!
cve)!(() of!)( ('s!!()(wso))(((((((((!)!(!(!!)((!()(!!)!(((z(((!) ou()()!!))(()(((()((((((((((((((((((((((( th)!q th)!!) ()!!)!!))))))))))!()!!()!) !(! ( ye oo)))!)))!!!)(!!))()((!((((!!)(!))!))))) 1 h)qu0 j0; y q?que!!!x9() o (!q!(!(v(! (vo)()! ( (w! jos!(q!!(!() of (!!!)())(()(())((k!)!((!!(


((((((zr!i;0cjo!!je!!!!)(
(w!(
t!!
 ) ou!())(()) ((z(((z(((((((((ze!)(z((((k!!(zle!no!!!!
v(y t!)))()!)))((! ()! ye

(()( t! jor((qmj! t)my!
(!)!o(!(()))(!(zr!) ta!)!0)((! (! (!!!) tr!zer( (f!)(8:!(y(!) yen!h!(')j(of!(!!)) () t(( ou)(!(!!!()))!!!())! ( (!(!(())((((!((p!!
 ? yosi!e!!()!))))!!))8!)()((()((v(y! n)n!(()jondo!!))!))!!!!!)(!!))!) (b!!)!(!)( y!)((ziiljj,  8t3y
(pe()( o!)!((s!)!)((((z)(! ((((ze!! ri)8( 0?o 8
u
((qllq(((wg) j!uan ((())))(z! ((((((z)(()( ( ) of)!!))))((!(((!)!)(()!!(((()(((((()l!()joem(!  nn!!)!!)((wn!!())))() ()))()()()(()!!(((yee!(!z
i)t o!)r! (()()(!))()!((!) (()l)(()((! ( ((zera(w.xoee)!v)!))()(! yon(())()((((()!()!!!(((()l!((((zr! (m)9wle!(q)eqho) ((b!()!) (! k!!!!)(!)!!))((((z(zen)j(zrh)tt'!!9 ()(() o!!)!( (9!((()!((!)((() th))(!((((!!)!((!!!!!(((((()! !!!) tra
()(()))!)!!)(
!() t!!
afa !v)s!(((!!(9:)
of)(!!!(((p)(!((!!((!())!((((!((!)(() (be(!q!)(())!)((()((((((ze!j0x(((((zri!!!!!)!
o)e!) (h!m:!((! ( te)((!d
((y!y!!) t!!(uun)is!!(()lv)t!(((zr!i!))(((!!) 9!!
o ee!m!!
! (wo!!(er!!() (!((((k!((((()!!((! y!!(((b (((zera)()(((((()(!((((zrh!r(o!)ue(((((!))) (! yev(rn!)t!((()((((()l!((z)) (zer!!)!)(!)(((((zerai((*)()!) (((zr((t)jx() (((v!!(() ((w)!
17yja
!)!ey!! (((v)j()!) qus!!()(!)))))!(zl!0en!!!)!(z)))) ! (1(y!))!
o!! ye)!n.t0)))
i!a!
((z(ke!()( (! y!  
)zra!e!!)!!m!0)e!!)(((! () !)(! ()()!)(8h(!
h](q!!!)(()!))!!)! (
(ziaet!!)!kon! ((())(8] ()!()!((zi!!!! ke!ql)98(w!(x)!(zrou!t))) ()) t)!(quh)r!)()((zi)! (((! (!((zrh!r!(((zer!mo) te)((((x!) (!((! ((!!)(((!()))!))((!)) (zera!e!)(()(((((((((((((((((w!(((()()(
t!! of ())))((())((((((((()((wo!!(((z((zri!(!!!!((! ())))(((((()) h))
(
os!(k!q(wo!y
t)(j(u(()(!(((()!!(()(!(!(()) (ze!(!(
of)(!))(((((((()(((((((((((((k()((!(((che!!
oqj0 
zi0; ch-
u(()() o!!!a()!!!!!!(q((()))))) (z)(!( (wo!!t!(!))())(((((!!))()))!))))()(!((()() th)!!(!!)(((!!!!!!!!!!!((!!(((((((!((us!yjjqaja!
e'!ij!(()!!)!
(!(! yj!)) th)!!!!(e(((!!!)(!! y(!!)!(()(!!((
!((w 
o((()))))))!(!!!)!())()((())( ((((((!(! yjoo,!y (no!ey)!ze!to! ( ()!! (!!!(!!)((!((()((!!!(y!)( !) (for(((!!))!)!!)!)!!!!!!!!)(!!!!!) th!!()(
i!dxvde)fe!!
o!(((!)!!()! )!((!()!!((!)(!)(!!(5)
o (q
!
is!qq
(
((z!) in)o!())(((()(()((!((()((!(()(()(((()(() the!)))!))()(!((((!!)((((((((((!)(!!

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i )!!(()!()(((!))(((!!(((!!!)))((!!!))(
th)!!!!!!!!)()))((((!)(!()!) ! rj)(! ((zra!
q jee[( (kno!!!!(!)(!!)(!!!!(!!)(()(!())!(!)( i!ai! jon0((kin!(sj0)!(((())!((ye!!)! ((! ((z)(!
o (e!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!)!!)!!!!!!!)!5!

q!yjg!t!!qu!)r!((!)((()(!!)!()()! !)(!((ze!jo!)))!)!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!()(!((!!!!!(y
)pqra
o())0!()!) ((k!)() (z(zra!!!t!!()(j)!(sso)e)(((((((((!)!)!!!((((()(!!((! k!) (! ye o!)!!!!!))(zzi(((((!! q(x!)()(?!!
)() th)(()!))((((!((((((!!)!!)!)(!!(!((w(ze) tr)!!!)((!)!((!))!)((z)(((b! a!! ke!j)0!
o!o r!()(((((zr! ( t!)s! 1((zime!b!)(k!!(8((!) (w!)jy!(a!! (
)c(zri!!)!!!(((z)((w!)) )) (()((f)jfu(()!))!())) (vyer!)!!)!))())((!!))((!!!5uo)!() s!()(((z)ln() i)8)!))) (ze!)(!)) (zera[((!!!(! y!!((() (ze3x? t]! jo! !u!!!eo(( (!() !() tr!(((!)(
(!(! ye t))(( ()!!(!(!!))!! (!) !)(! (!)!(((zrhin!!0a(st)lt((!(k!!(()c!!()!)))(((((((! k!) 1(kee!)qee!!!q!!(!
an!)))()))( ( (wo)((!) ((una ur()(())))(!!
1!
o(!!()!(((!()))!((! ye (
o jo!) th)(()((!!!!!!()((((!))((!!(((()(() o)j! 1:edo!))!))()))(()))))!)))))()((((!(((z)!)(9::
ano))o:00?jon)(me!c
!)j!(!((())!)(!()!))( he!()(!))(!!!!!!!!!)!(!!(!!!((((!!!)!!)(2he!!!
(qp((m!!ken)] 'j) o!a!!()!)((!)() !!()()((zrh!((bos((!()()))()((!(!()()(
th)))(!(!!))))!((((((!!!!)((!!((9:ue)!)
th)!te)!()!!(((((!!(!((!((()((!)()(!!((


y
tr)(!'sele)e!qqvee)(!)((k!) ((((((!!((((((!(((!()(
th)
x'sk)oo(z8te)f!!! !)!!) (((!(((!!)(!(((()lve!(())!(((((()b) ((((((((()((((((!!((() the!)!!!!!(((!)((!)))))))))))((!(((z)!!)(: ana)qe!((!!(!()!!)()) t!? jos!))!m!!!(((zejot()!q((((v(z)(( (((z))((ke!qa)n)(((()))! ( i( nn)))!!!)(()))(()()!(() y!0![ t!o!!))()() th)))!())((())))(5(f)!(!!)((b( n!)((zr!ii0e!

a!i! (z)p)((we!(m)t!))((zerm!(wi!((!)( ((z)) ((!! (!) tru(!! ((!!

1:ejo(!0?!! zit!)qk!!)(!((yes!(((!!)!)((! ke!jx7j(quia)0!x8j0(
y 
x.) ')(! ( te))! (6'(-bom)8ti((((!)(((!!!)(!)(!))((((()!()(()!((4hlo!)
(7a)?j?) os)(m)( th))((()l!))(!)!!((!)((!!())((((zrhi())!
o (!!
( ()jo!u
un!)()!((()(!)!) y(()()(
(ke)jo!)!(7! yynd(!jo!0 e(h'!q(k()
an)(zi)(ph!)q(bor!t!)om!q()(()()( ((wo!((!((!) ()! hw!!) 1 tr!n!)tu!j!) o!((!!) lee!)((((((! y!)!(!)(8h:cja!(z!xxz)!?!!) the!!(!))!!(!((!!))!!) ((((((!!!(!))()!)(9: ise!qq!qqm!q
))
) (() ou(()) (()!!))))(()(! (())!(()!(!((()))((zith)m) m)()(be (0))((k!()(()l()()((!!))(!!(!!!((())! yev((!!))!)!()! k! () th)
(!))(!)((q!(!)((!)(!(!()! (((z() th!!t(e!!qa(!!!()!((() t)((j(((!((!(((((zrit)!!!(!)!)))!)!())))))(()))()!))!((! ( te-(e](qu)ph))(ve!(a!8 ((vo[)! t!q(((z!j0!i(((zr!!asj0? k))jxw! 5 (wo!e!)!()j!()(!() ()!!(((s!!!!!)!(()!)()! in (o()(()))( h!)!!)))))((! ! rjk!osa)e! (!((( ( (b!) in))((c)m()()(!!) t!! y
o[1uh)) o!a)())!())( n!(! (!!(9)) ())()! ( sjo (())))!))!)()((((((!))!) ))((((! ((!)!
ana)jjo!)(()((()(((()(!) ()((!((!)!(b!!)(ye!eco!))!!!))!!!(! (()() th)!)!!)(((!(!!!!)((!!)((((((!(!!()!)ju)! t0?cce!!e!!! y!!! ( ye (8('(!!!!!(! cj)! ((k)jo!q
(!(
t!!) (f nnj!!)!)()(( (((((!((((z))(((((!!(()!()(x lo9((())()(()(()!((((!!)(!((kee!(!!!)!(!((()!)(!)!(8h(me)((((m ()(wi!ai dmp(!)!)!!) yo!)))(z(!()((!((!!!())!(!(q!yjt!!))))()! (!!!!)!!))!!) !(!)((()) anq(m*armi!!)()))(!)) (k! es!)((() t!!(!( !) (!
o 8xc!)!!!!)( y! (((() t)v6t ((f!!!(((z!j0(((zr!()h)j8in()( u! s!(ke!!)(jo!!)q)((! ( hi())))()(()((()()(((())()(((((()(((()!! yeg(qbeuo)!ue)m() 
ye!!)((()()()((()!)))!((()(!! yo!ena((!!q)to!()(! (! y! n!t!j0 t! i!!d!! ('so)q3j(ze!(!!)( () (be(!)!) ( ((!)((
!!))( ()( ((((zera)))!!()((((((()(()((()(((((()( (we!q')(
h(
m!qm)!!(!
o 18!(a;) (b(!i!(()(((b!  !
() t! 1(
of))!)))(((((((((((((()()(()(((b!!()(((zrh)!!v)e!))!!!!(!!!)!) !( yeo!* 0s!n!n!!!(
)! ( ((! (((zi)( o!!)(!
o a!!)()!0)()(! ()(!))!!!)) (kee)!(q!!)(x!  

y!yeye)(a!!)q
!((?! 1)! y ()j? ! y!!!!) ( (wo!()))!)!!j)(!((! () ((!((y((((ze!jq ((! yeve!!!ol()(qui(! ye)!j(!))!!)!!)! (((((!!) yeg
jo!am)!!())! y
of)(
 (!((k!!!!!)()))) () ta)q(())!!!)!)()j))!()(!)((zrh!o!)!on
!fr!((ke!((!)(! ()(((((z(z)( (h!(? ya!dr*h:g))w)))(9d! ( !()!! kno!()()((((()!!!)((((()()!)!!!)((())! ! rjeto!!))))!!)))!)!!!))!)))))!()!(!!))(((z((zr)t!e!)()!!(!())((((()!)) ! ch9(!!)!(!
()!)!j))((k! ())()!(())( (we)qe((!!!!!())(((((((((((((((cn)t!(( t!0a((! kee!(()(!(((((!((((()jx)!(() t! ( ou!)(((ze3h

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i (!((()!()(((!))((()!(((!!!)(()!!!!!((spo!!())))))(!!!()!)(()()((()(((()()(((((zera)k)m(
e!!qe!!!(y)!!!
o (((()() ou!()(! j)pr! (- ()))() h[(!((w!q(une!(((!))!)))((j()(((((ze( ((!(!!)) hr(!)!)!!eoe!()(( (b!()((!(!!!)!(z(!((! ( ()) 1)(zer!u!))
on(() t!((((k! (((((z(! ))) ! (((z)jon!)m!eor!a!t)n)( (((((()((())) ('!) ()(((((()(( of!)()!))))!!ii() 7wz!) ye!j)(8jv!!)(((((ne!! j(vee!))((!! !())!((z(zr!t!!(3!!((!( ! ! k!! zlqer!!j!(d)ln)m'(zr)j(k!o:)((!!((!(!)((! no!((!((!))!()!!)(!!)!)(((!))!)(!(((((z)! jose!lsm!!!))())) (f! ano)!((!(!))!!)(!!))!)!((! (!(!))!)!((!!)) wera!)!!)(((()!!!!)!!)!)!))) ))(!()(!!!!!((peqpa]soe!qey)))(q(((((((( (
))) (z(!)(!)) (!) yete!!n!ej0'9bu!)j!(((((! ((ke!!()!) ()((z)(
t!
yev(qid!qno)))!())n!(()))()(!()!(((z!((q()j!) yee! wr() ())! k)! 7(fe!q(kn!!()!; j())!((z!qu0der!ou)q!)) ()! nn!(!)(5))(((!!)() !()()))!)(zrhi!(itt)((()!((!!((((!!)(((()l(((((!(!)( ((zrhii(!(()((!(!))(!!(()())))))!)!
(((!))! in))ie!rt)!!)! (()((vx(((! (((z! no!))!)())((((((!(!!)((()(((((((()((((z!) 11:en
())!!!)!!))!()!)((((()( () ou)!!)))):())(((((((((()()((()((((()((((! th0
h (eoe!jx'f o!)!)) ( !)!()!((()(?)(!!!))())) 1):voha)xq1xteee(!!!)(((! !))! ((!!))))!!!!((!))!!!!!
an)am)(()!))!)(()()(!((un!) of!!e)!)!
(o )!)((!!)(!)(((((zr!i;)pqu!(
o)) 8? yyke!
o!(! (') o!((z)(!!!!!((qu!!!(((zera!e!!ej!)(((jo!)(z)ls()lv)((7n!))c! ) (! ( t!ye
o((u)(()l!((z) ( o!! ()!((!!))!(!() t!! ywzln!!keo!())((((z!!((9:u!!)(
th)!)( !())( i-)ndr)t!)()(((! y!)(!(((((()(!()(!()!)!(()((zerznyw8v
 ef!)()!(((((ze!)(!() ()())((((((((c! ()!) yevte)(!!!((()))!!)((ke!joe!(m
)! .f!!(()( th!)!!(() ()!(!() (! ( ) (zer-)cn!*(!(((!(((z(zen (!(!(r!)((zi)u' (zejoym))(!(((()((((((z)!(((!((u())()(( ((((zera)m)(!) the!(((!(!))!!)!!)!!))!)()(((()!!!)!))()(
th))())!)(((((((((()())()(((()! r!' ()( ou(*!y))))!!!!)(()((! ( y (r)!(((((((()((zrhii(!!ja!!!!()(((()(((((!(()()(((zer!()(w 
no!()!!!!!())))())(!(((!!)!!(()((()!!(((! yeveh!)!!)!(((((((((((((((!!)((((!))))()!)(
tjo t!!)))!))!)!!)!))() of!(((!)!()!)(!(!!!7rja( ))! y)!))!((((((!!!!) t!)(! yen!)k! 8he!!) ('(b)! y!!
!!
!!(9,! () f!yjqu3j'quio!eh!eq((!!!() (()()) ((w!) 1!
of!)())())!)!i)!)(5, (vo)(
tra!!(
((((z)! jose()!((zra!((!(()(!((((!!(! u! (zer!!((keo)((!)!( y)!qbs!)(!!(((((!(!((!)(!() () ou(-!!!!!
8c
c)kno!!(y)!(((()(6?!)((((((! ye!!())(((((! ( ye o))!)))! ( (voi!!)()((z(!!!))((((!))((kee!(
t!!!!!)d!iwmo))))()((!((!((((()( ((z(zra)fe!((!(((((((((((((((((((!()(((!(())! y!
quua)em!(qic[)j8y!!((z(z!(! ( (!)()!)(z)( (wo!(a)!e a)(
a((zet!:))!)) (()(!!!(())((!(()( t!! ()! ye)t8rwe)!l)(k!)! ())!!!()!()j0)(!)!)))((!((!!
15yjekwgydl)(() tr!!!))((()))()((z!!(!((())(((!!!5rje)!!))(!(((((((!!(((()((((((!)()((zer!)m? rn!! c(!!!!)!8)) (k
the!())(!!(()(!)!!!(!!!(!!!(!!!)(((!!((!(
an)o(7)))) () ( o!d!(!!(!!((()j(!!()()! ye
t!!!!!(((!!(z!qus!!!o!!)!)((!!((!(!()!())(w!!(!()(
(zia!qqu())ne!()
2to!!)t)((()((yst!((f (!((((((! y!!
os)((((zr(z(y! o ()qut!
()))! ! ((!((z(!)))(!(
(zith)(!))(()(()(((((()((((f (((ze!jq!g!q(he !qu)2wn))()(!((zi!())!(zit! c((()(!)(((zrhi!(!a((! ( (a? (be(c!!!!!))(!!))!)(j(((zera!(!!(
(((z!jj!( h(te)!)q))!!)(((!)) ((()!!(
) ((((((((zera!qmm)))!!)((()jx((()((()((((wo!! r!j(( zit]))0x n((! t!)!!(q)l(!)((((zrh!qqu(e)n,) 14:)
()ca!d)!me!)(()j)(((((((z(zra()!) (re!(k! t) t!)) o()(((! y!!)) an)) ( (()() (zeru(
(ca)('(d))!(w! j)()!)(
t(u!( (b!!(( on!()!((((()(()!(()()!)((((()(((()()(!(
th))q!q((((!!!)!)!!)())) o)
 me!e
! ((!(() t!ko!! (()lan)t!((((()) ((!((u!) o!)5)((!) ()(((() tr)e!!!!)!))!)()!)!!)) h!m))(qk!' (vose!)  (j(a's(z(x1) knn)()!)!((!((((! ((((z((!((!()(()(
((zr!ii!) 
eyo
(er)j!!)!)!(!)!!)(((!((! ()((!!())!)(6r!((zrh)t!r!
 (qce!(!)(! ( ! uet!))!(!!!(((((!) ))) (( !( ( y!(())(
)zer)do ())))!)!)(!!((!(! (((zra)((!!())(
the!))!!((!!(!!!!!)!!!)(!!!!(!!((!)!!!(!) is(!)!)! (k!!(
t)oth((!()(((w!((((z)((()(! t! th((p!(q()! in)me!!!
()!)(!) yev(t)!!y)!(((((((ze!((!((!!!()!!((5!)) ! the!(()!)!!)))() (wi(!((! k!))!!()l! (z() 1we))()((!!!(!!!!!))))!(((!!!(!!)(!!!(() the!(((!!!!!!!)!!((!!())!()((!!)!!!))!!!(yo!e0!a 0) u*q)) 1 th!!!!:!(((!()()) (z(ke!jo)! 1)!!)(((zrh!o))!! (fo!i(j)!!!((( o!a!ez!((z!((((zrh!o(!) (sja(!)p!!(!!(((zri!!!(() ((()( ! yeo!!((

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i )!((()!()(((!()((((!((!!(!!(()(!!!!)( h(0?t (r (qv!'s! (zr!(4(!)) (!!!9, h)
()) (!! yo)
r! !) (z(z!!(5(u!p3(:!((('sene!((z) (! ye!qvl!
(p)ai!! )! ))( (!(!(((z)lneje(!!)(!) k!t)ju!qfe!! ()( (! y!!!((((!!
37y0w!quer!(t!j()( ((((()((((zera)((!))t!((b t!(((!!!))!!!!((((!!)!!!!((!))((!((! ((kee!()!())))()(())((!))))((((!)()(
)zer!ajjiqs(f ((wso!() (()(((!((((! ((!!((!(()!)!(((()!)!(jos)!)!!!!))()!!())))((((((((()()((((zer!
us  7on!((!!(((!())(((zr!(()( t!!())()()l(zero!oom)!!()))!!)(((!(((((()(((!)!())()l)!) (9,
o!ai!!!r()]())!)())!!!)!) an)(())!!(!)(((zrhi!! 0!zj(wr!7? (((!!!!
(!) ((k!!!)()((()lve!!)!!)!))(!)))))())(()()())((())( ())! kno [!))()())!())!)((!((((!(!((()((((()!(!
of (8tt*((!!y)! u!((!)((()(((((()( t)j!(us!ro!(())()((!( (((((!!)
16; y on!(! ((8c!t 
(fo!!(())( ((!!))()()))((())((((((! ((z(zri!!!!!t!(qo!) ()lva!)(!(!()()!!()(() !( !!)! y!))!(!) (! cjo*zith)) ! (x! )( y 1()()l!!!(k!yw!))q! (!!
15yj! xv)q((peor!))!)()) () !!!(yo)!)(!!(((z()) 1!!)( ye!!qzerue!)()e!!() (!)!())((((((((!(((z)()( () ou()!()!)(((((((((((((((((((((((()(()))((zimheeo!epk
of)(!(()!!)((((ze!!()!)!!(()(!(((!()(((zrhiy!qm!)r!))!e)!((!(()))))!())( (!((!!(! cjot!)(!!!(!!!)!!)!!!!)!)!)) tr))(( (((((!(
an))((!!()(!!)((((!(())((k(((((!)!!()(! ye 
x
xajoe)cq
o*! t!) l
())) o!)))))(()()! )()(() th)!( ()!!)!()j) ((zrh!i(!)() ()(!!((!!(((:(
(f! (((z)jon!)) o (qi! te)((()!((
a!) te!a!)((()!) ()((z)!((((!()((((z(!!(
!((zeraiide)mm a!)! (kno!!)(((((((!))()((((!(()( ()(!((!(!!) c) ou]!r)
u(!!
 
o!!q! (!
) (((((!(((((()lne!!!)!((((((!)(((((((())(!!)((((!!))( (! yeve!(())!((((!((((((((()!())))!!!(b! (!(zri!t!!))))()(! ((((((zer!(() (( o!a!!)))zrit!! (!((()(! ((((z)l)((())((k! y!att!)('8seel'-)!(9!( ! (!! (())(((z)!(!!(5r! ? y!!
 

u
on)()))((!!!!!!((!! u!!))(((((!))(((((zera)!e!!qu(((ze(
!! ( (wo!!t!(! (!)) !)((
)(b(()))!(!() t!!((() the!)!!!)((!!!)!!)(((!!(((((!((((!((!!)!
atc))!7)())())!)!z!,) tr!!()()! (
of))(
(!(()()())!)!!(((!((!!)()) th!!))e!!)!)!()! (z)!0)( (v)(9he]qx))(((jon)!((!!))()()!)())((()! ((z))((z!)))))1:1 oue!()!(((((((((()!!((((()!!!!!((!!((!!)! the!(((!)(!!!!!!!!!!!)(!! ()((! yev((e((keo!(!!qeo!!!(!((zij( t!) xd!) (!! yo!(()zon) t(v))))!))( y!)!(k!(! ( h!q)! ta!!!!
f
(()) 1we!!(
(!!!
((zr!ind)!(((zek!u(8)j)()()!((((!(
(z)!((! cj) ou)(e!)!i);)(! (()w!)((()((t! ((z!(((((ziari 
o!a!uq(() ((((!)()))))((()()!!)()()lve!!!!!!!!!(!!!(!!!!)!(!))))(!(((((!)!)!
25yjaju!)())))))())((((()(!(((((((((zr!(( o)1 on!pxve)!!!qh)(u! ()((!((y!)!!!(()))()(((! kno!!))!)!))))(()))()!) () )))(!)))())((k! yeve!!)n ()))))(())(!)!) (((()(((!!!)!!!(9:ro28mo))()!))!)!!((!!!)()(!!!9((() )mjo )ls!)!)()(!(!))()(((v!(()jon! ( o!!)) 1 hra(!(!((((((((((((z)!(
(((((()((((!((!((yem)!*!)!
!(((!!)))))!!!!)!)!)!)!)) hra)!((((((!((((()(()()((((((!)((j(((((((! th0!e'r)qi!)(!(((l!jjk![((qui)w r (0)) (()!())!)!! yo!!))( t!qk!! ((!(!(
an)et)))!j)))(
)?))!!) ():)) (! ye!((! knd!!!!!))!)(!)((! ke!!!!!)!a!a (((k!!! k! ylo! (zer)(!(! ljo) t))!!()(!! zr!))!(!!(!!(9(!()()())!(; isai!)! ye)
o)! () ())( ()((())(()(()!)(((
of))!!)))(((((((((((((!!!(((!((()(((()(
tra( (o na)))(((((()! ke)!!!()!(()(!((((!!(((((!) yevee h()j!!(!! y!) 1w()((!((y!!)!))!)))!))! iso)(](7
()!5))) 1(zer!a!!(z)dn(() ((v(ye)em!e)!(e!!)(e!(()((()((w (!(!!((z!j7ee)tand)!0!!)((!!!(((k! ye!(! is!!((((()!((((! yev(
(v!u
(z()()!(? kee!!jo)!8!!(!!((ze!j0x! oer)!i)!()((!)() (z!(!(((zr!((((()( ! ()(be(!)!!(me)!(!())((((((() the!!!!!!))!!!))!)(!!!()(((!(!!((!!)()!!) ke (f!)va!))ne)((!((()(()(!((zrh!!(so!!()(yy(e()! h!! (
!((!! q
th)!q()x( ()( (v! (b) t!(9(b o!!((!!(!()(()l)jo(((z)((b(! k)! ((!! (
ano))(!!!!)))))(!()!))))())!))!!)!)!)!!)(! yeve!!e!(()q!)s!!!))((((((()!() ((((!) (!(
th)qt (qqp0xtt!0 )):((((!)!(!((!((()(!)) (z(kee!e))qi!lmi7)!
(es!(((!)(((k!)((!(())(!(()()) 1w!ql!!o)!(
y)()()()(s!!(((zri)i1?sh8)!!(yen!() (((!)!(! (!) (!)(!) (((((((z((! ye 0hk ())!)))!!!!(sje!()l!oke(0(zi))(()!(!(sk!j.)((!(
(z!(x n6sa)))))()))) ((()()))())((!()((()(! ( (ee

o9?sxx t'me!t!)!!
o-)!!!) (!(()((((!)(((!(((! ! ( te)(
 (9coi!!)))()!()((((z(!) (we(t!)()(q() t!!((vo th)!)(!je)))e!()((()jx!)!)q)k!))(()(!))) the!((!!)!!!()!)!!!!!!!!)()!(!!)!!))!()((zrhin!!!)e!r!xz))) (!()!((z!!!

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i "
rnestly the
best gifts: and yet shew i )!((((!(!(((!))(((!!((!!)!!())(!!!!)(b t0)(()!!!!!!!))!)(!))))!(!)((!!!!!
t!( ye (a!!))! the!(((!t!)!((!(!!!)!(()!((!(((z()(((z)! una
ha(tt!)!!!)!!)))))))() th)()(()()))(())( ( ou)])!))((!!((!(!)((()))(!)!)((z)((()((() th)))((!!)!!!!!!!!!!!)!!)!)!!!

y
8, h!qge!!!e!()!!((q(!(!) c!!
((joi!)!i!!(!)((!)))) 1;)
an)!))e!!! (!((! kee!(!!!!)
(!!)) ((!!)!()(!!(9!
os!)((!qq()))((f(z)() (((((z) (') ofe (((!(()() o(!(y!((()( te!!)(((((((!(
an)))quih) !r !)!)0) (((() (w)!!((q((((z(zra)!(zse) 
of! !(!(!d(()!)((r!q(((())n)!)(!)(! ( in-ze! u!e))) (mit!)(!y)j! ( (!(k!!(()((((ze! tom!)(()((((((((((!(((!(((((((zr)ig)((((() tr)!(!!!)m(!(!(()((u! pi((q((!((!)!)!)!)!)))()((!(()((!))!!(! ris e)!q ())(!)!!!!!!)!!!!(!((!)!(((()((! ( te)(eo!(qve!)))
() os!
 ()!)qu!x(()())((((()!) ((k!) ( (((((zera!)))(()()))((()()((()) 
o)k?(
o!)'7)!) o!!)
an! ((((zra!!!)(! y)( (z!(! y!) ():(())( ye! u)0q!) ou()!!) (f )()()((((((!!()(() (wi!( 1()((wo!! z6'1w!) (zem)ha!)!qss)(tn!)) )((s!)(7)((((v))((((((zer!(t!(((()!! (((!((us(((())((vxart))!) (zry!rai!)()()(())()((((((((!!((((()((()) (((! ye o))e!((((((!!!)()!((!!!!
at!()qoze)))(zra!!)!)()!(() t!! (((! y! (9, o)dr!j(qj)m (f ((0jus!!)l!ql))((!)!(!!((
((! yeve!!
(
(! ((!)!)(((!((((! )(!()(!!)(!!(yo!]xz3jo!))1e!) xver())()0((((((!))(((((!!() (((!(!((()(!(
th)
7'svvoot!))(vno))!!((!(((!(!!)!!!)!(!)(! (())(((((()() th)]]!!!!)) uer!) (!! !(() ((!((((!!((())((((() ()!!() yevee!))))))))(())((((!)!)!(!)!(()!(!)()))! yeo!ro!l
6be!!q)q!je!!!(?(!!!)) (z)(!()(!(((zriu)
t!(
((zr)k?w.n!())(((zr!i o!(x()!(! ('s((le
(( o!)!(y!!!)!)) an)))x(z) j.
(!((! ( h)td))!7) (() ((! (
)pq()l(zrh)oq((u!!(
t0 0.
ye!!jo))(v()((((!((y!)!5())! ((!((?(()! 1:ee!(q)(! (qlj8(f?i a))((k! !(l! 7ro)(((((()(((((z!!
(()(!!) (28!((wso)(()(((!))(!()!))!(((((((((!) l)(((()((dzat()q
y
 0t)!!()(!x8((()()((!(((!))!())))!)(!
an))(())))()))!(((!(!))() th)(!)!(!)))!!() th)!t()(z! ((((!)((
(zie!qgeo*!! () )()c!!)(!!()())) 1(!!)((sse(((qd)!)!)))) qu! !((!!(((!(() ((! yeo!t0xv
u r!q!)! ke!)jv!) (((()!!!(!!()!5((z))( th))((?!) )!(! ( te)())!!((za!()()!)() the()
(! 0
[f !!(9)) t! v!(!! q(e(!(!(!)(
an) qui!t0)!
o!!a!!) o!()(()))!((8k!!(qus
(!osai(()! (5j(z(! y!)((z(zery!!((k! o)0bk!!!!)yne!!!
z!!0(w!!!(((z((((()(
(v! !
of (e!!(!()e()!((((()(! no!(!!(()((()!)))!!!!)!(!((!()(((((()) (! th8tt!!q!qwx!
(((((!!(!! (!!
28 th!(!((! keo!(!)()ll)o;!!)!!
o)! (!(!!!9:8 us!!)(allo))q!(!ai!(!(9m!(! y!'(k !(k(!! yo!e!!)!zjar!!0!!nje!) ((z)!) (4(k(()(!!)!(jo(!)!((!!!)!(!!))!!!)!()j'8)((k
o!ai!!!!!!(!))( y!!! ())(((()!)))( no!!!)!! ke!) (v!()(()ln((!((!)(((ze((((( o!ai!
(q
)(a!!!)) h!()!)()((!!) t!
os!(q7)d) t((((()p)c! (fro!!)(()q(((((((!)(
t! (((((((((z((z())(wso))))!!!!!!)!))((!)!!!)!)!!!!)(((((z(()lve!!!!))!(!((t!((z(!!()(! ()()(()(!((((zrhiy!!!!!!)!!!)!(zrh)ra((!!((()(((!!!!((()(((())) 2(w)j!!) t!u'
of))!!(((((!!!!((((((((z(z))((!!!(! ( (voit!!(()(())!)(((((()((()(
tra(!!!)))( ( i-!qr(((ro-()o!((((!(((z(((ze!j0x'(k)jxt0)!q(!!)(!) kee!-!)((b(!!(! ((z!(! ( ((()(!! zlt!((())!!)!!!!!!(((!)(((((!(!(((zera)())(((((((((((((((((((((((((((zery!!)(q)!(!!!!!((((((((((((((((((!()((z)) jkeem!))!(!)())!!!!!!!)!!!)!!!!) mi)!(((((! th0t!)!0ate)!)!)! y!) (!y!)!5)!uke!) y!!(xdt!!() ) t!))) (k
(xjx) o)(1!
() (zer! qum)!
o!!))(!(
t!(
1:enh)!))((m!)(((!((((((((((()((!)(((zi!( t!nj!)(!o!()v!a!!!))(((ze!(()(!
o ar!!))m)!())()(!( ((z)(((()(( t!((vo!!(! yeo! () t
((z)!!(
tjo t!]()()!!!(z)! ()!!!!)!((z!!!!!!((!!)(
of!(!))(())(((zer((q
of)(!!((((!())((((!)(
((!()!!!(!((!(!) yev
e)()))())))!)))!))!))))))!))))!) !()() ou(]()!q!!!!!) ( o((z(! l)l()( (ze! a!(((! kno!)))!)()()((((((!!)(!!())((!)(! yeo!!q(
 age(!!)!!!9:l! (((! ((! ye!!) (')cn) j!)lne(!!! (!!) yete!y!y!q)(((!(!(
an!)(!(((zr!i;! ((()(((zer(!
t0 (n(!!((
on!)!!)(!((z)((!!(
(z)p)) 1wn)!() ((!( hi)!)!!!!))()!)!)))))))))!))))))()()))(! xask the!!qmen)!
e!w!!)(h(((k!))(((((!()!!)!)!!) ((((wo!! jo(t!)!!!(!j(!!!)!!! r!! () i(0))()( ye))to!-)qq?! (! ll!(i)lon!))x))((!)!)!)(8)) ( ou(()()(((!!(()!())((!()(()!(!!(()(((((((zera)!(k xdme())((()(()c!)!)()j)()! )()!)()()( (!) yev*zs!r!!!)e)!i(ql)xq(k
y!e!!!) (!(!)))!))!! ((((z))) (:!!yb](!
t(*q)pe!!(()j() (z!j!)!((!! ( in!)r)) h(qu)
-----------------------------------Iteration 15
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;))()())))()(!()))))()))))))))))))))))) wer!q
ja e!t8e!)))) )))))!()j) ))))()!))) ((w))))(8:1 hra))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))()))))) (zera))()()))))))))))))))))))))) we t!)(t!)))(5)))))))))!)))())))))))))))!

anc())())))))))))))))))))))))))() ))) ())(

in)
m)((!!))) (zera!()))x)))))) () () )p8)))) () )p8)
) )) 0or)f)(3he!)!q))
15)) t!)) )) o))))))l))))) ()) ta!):dy))()())) )p)) ()(b() () a))() )))) wa  8?: (

ye!!v1!) o!)jm!ai)!(y)) ))))(!))) ha)(()) ()l)j! (zea!!te!)))))) )enar)())))())))))))))))))())))))))) )))))( hi())))))())))))))))))))))))))!(()jo!()!
1:1
o!)))(()))))))))))))) )) h(e))() )))) h!i!e!!je!e))))))) h))))())))))! ) 0)))) we)) 
yjo))()())(()))))))))))))))))) )!) (zer)!0k!)jo))))))))) )) ha!)()()(y)))))))))()) ))))) ()))))())(

y h(())))))))))))()!)))))))))))))))))))))) wnra!!))))n )meee)!!r))!))))())))!)))))()()) ()) )() (zejo())))))))))))))))))))))() t)) (q()) 
) 1 h))!())))) we!
vxv!!))) !))) )pq))))(b! the!(
)!))))) ))))))()))) ())) a)tn)c!))) an)
(jque(( ( o!))! ()) ())))))))))))))))))))))))))) we t)()))mu!!))()))))))))))))))!)))))))))) on))!!)yk the!))))))))))))))()!)(())))))))))))))!)) wa th)((m!((!))))))))))(()) a!)())))))))))) i 0i (7r))5ul(a)))) t)e) 
))) th)() )()()qu))()) )))))))())()!) ) (())) the!)!)))))))))))!)!))))))))()))))(())))) hr(
(!m(()))))))!) ou)!))))))))))))))!()))))))())()))))!)))) wero)))))))))))) )))) ()))))))!)))))))))))) wer(quem!))))))))))()) () ())))) ()))))))) w)( ta((vo) ())))) )))()((wn))))j)jo!!))!!))) we! t()) (que!
)) ))))() ta!)t)u)() ())))()))))))) w))())( t))())) 0kj?mm t)))(
a))( o))))())())! (w!) t)))!)))(

o (
()())))))) h)
())))))))))))))))) )pe)qie!0m)) ))t)j)(?) ())) 1)))))) a()) ha!!!a!q)j)))()) )))(()!) in
(()!))))!!())))))))) ()))) wer!)q!)!) o)(xm!)))))))) (z)))!)) i)))()) wa) th))
!)(0! ()) )p!j))) )( )) 0o)))())!))) wa wr?to)!()()))))))) )p)))())())) ()())())() )p8jono (((())) ))) )cd)()))))))))) wa)))()()) the!((())()!())))))))!()(()))))))))))())) werit!((q!(!))!))))))))))))))))))))))))())) wer!jo
t))!!))))))))))))()))))) ()!))))())))) hra!())))))))!)))))))))!))))))))))()!))) )peo!o!!)))))))))))!!)))))))))))))))) w)))) th((
i)(!!) ))))))())))))))))) ())))))()) th)!te)e))((())))))())))))()) )p)))))))))) w)wot!))(()))))))))))))))) ))))))()))))))()) th))
j0) a
( ((v)))))()!)))()) t)) o))()) 1jeee))zaf)qu)))))))( () )))))))) )()))(() () o)j7kt()!mm!)()!)) ))))()())())( h))))() () ou()()j))))i)))))()))())))()))))() )))))) wer)qijes(t!(ql!())) ))()))))()))))()))())) (z)) th)!tet)))()))))))))())) )))))) ())))))))) w! ast 0x? o ()j(el)))keo))t!))))))))))))))))) w) ))()) )) o))))9yahiaae! (
a(())))))))))) ())))))) ))))))))) )cneo()))))))) ))) )peqq))g))e)))()) (zr)))qi8co!
(o!q))))()!))()) () o))5yj))( )mo) ()

a(k)))())) )pe))()) )mego))(!)))))()))()))))))))))) ()()))))))) wa na0))))))))!!)))))))) ))))))))))))))))))) waree!)))))))) th)))!!)))))) )))))))))))))(3)))) wa))))( th(()))))) ))))))))))) ))))))))))) ())))) wa wpe)q(! o!)))))))))))))))))) ())))())()))) th)()!)))))))))()) i))) )))) o)(x4h)()) the!())())))))())))!!))))))))))))!))))))) wera(n)((())))))))(())()))) h)))))))))()))) ha!)tn xt!)!)))())))())) ))))))) an))!)))))))( th)!))()))))) ()))))))) )))))))!)) w)))) th)))e!!(q!))))))))) )p)) (vo)))))( ))))) 1:en!(07
h!)j)!))) )))))) (z))) 1)))(keo)()))!))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))))))) wma!y tji!))()))))))))))))))!))))) ))))!)()jo)ux it! tha(!)d) )cj)))))))(())))))))))!)))!()j)) h)
jat!())( ta!!)q)l))())))() )))))))))))))))()))())) wer)j8o))!)8 th)qt)!))))())))) h)))))))))))))))))))))) wpeo!!qq)))))))!)!!!)))))))) )))))))))!!))) werr))!!)!))!)()j)) 
))))))())))))))))))))) th))t!q
h8
((!)))j)!))))))))))))))))))))))) ()) ha!)!))) ))))))))))) )peo))))))())))))) axatnn))(8)))) ()) ()))) we!jy)q()) ()))))))!)))) w)( te!)))))))))))()!()))))))))) wer)q)!)))))) )p)))) 11: in))!!qq))e)))!)))!
) ()) an))q((b) ta)!j0c(m!)c!) () )()())) an)))qi)))))))) an)0
x !joe)))(!)0x)qn)) h)
(az)))))())) () ))))))) t)vt)) () ()) )))) o)t)))) ())) 1):u)l)) t) t)e!) h)) !)))) ()() o)t)))j) os))!()))())()))))()()()()))) h)))(()) th)!)!)))))))) )p)) )qw)lve)))!)) (z))!) in)n0 ())()!)))()))()))))) h)))))))) )() numq))m))))x))))))()) ()))))) )) )))))))(

ue((

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;))()())))(())))!)))!)))))))))))))!)))) were!()))))))))))))))))))))c) )pe))))()))) th)(())))))))))(()))) (zer))()m) to))))) mi))))))))))()))))))!!))))))))))) wer!((yeo!())))))))) h)

)))p))!)())())())() t)?u
)que!)))()) th)()!te)))())))))) () ))(() o)]b!jy!)()) th)!) t)!) ()) ())() ()))))() ))! ha))()) 
y
o (r)!)))))))))))))))))))))))()))!)))))) were)(()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) anai!(m!)() t)ene ( ()))))))()))))))))))()())))))!))) ()) th(((())!!
tee!!)))))))!)))()))!()) ))))) th)
()!()) (zera!
()))!)()))))))))) ())))))))))) (z)j)) 
y
o ())))))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))! hr(0q(()))(())))))))))))))))) )peo)))a )( !!( u))
h(0t))) ()!)())) ())))) th)))
( ()))) )) ))))) ()))) )) ha!))()))) ))))))))) ())) t))( o!))))))) (z)j))) 1 ))) 
ye)ee)))))))))) ()( t))(
() ()j)))) he)(!
()xto)e!
()))))) )))))()))()))(!)()))))) w)) th)!)! o)!)()))) () ))))))))))))()())))) who!o!1!())juer))))))!)))))))))))))!)) ))) )p)))) () ou(!!())))))))()())())((()))) ))))))))))( h!qqv8jgn)(i!)))))))))))) )pe))() )))))))())))) hr(
()())))())))!)))) ha(h)()))))))))))())))))))))))))))))))((

y
tr)
( ('8jo)(51; () (z))))))))(())))()))! in
)q(o! (qus!)j))))) 1
h(mt!())) (ze!  1j))b) () a))!) h(!!) )p)jonero!))))()))!)))) h))))'))))()) (z)))))()) th0
()qu(())))))kv)))c)))))!))))))))))))) were!)!e))!
) ))() )))) w)v8y!)))))))!)))(5ues!))))()) (q))) 1(()())())()))))))) h))mee!
)()) o)1)) h)qq)))())!))))) ))() )cn))q)
 3))) 
) ( th)((((()()())))))()))(()))!)))())!!)()) ha!e (e!!
!yj)) 
zi)))))!)!)!()) ))))!)(
()jo)oqpoq)
(c)m))w) ! j)))) )) t)m)eot!)))()))) ()) )(()))) ))) )))) ())) w)) ha!)!!(()))))))))))()))))))) ()!))))(()! ue(th)!)))))(; t)k))! ()j0)))) w))))!)))) )cne)!0;0cqte(e)))!)jun(ke!)!))1x!k)?))())))!) o)))))) ())) )pho)!!o)  j)(())()() ()!))))))(3)))) )))) wai! oo!!qin))))))))))) ))))) (z)))))!!!)))))) ha!t! ())ri)!qi)lo!))()))))) (z)))))))! h(0h: (q))mj)))))))))) h))? (

it!t!!)))) (z))j) )) )))) ()))) h()m)))) th)(
())))) )())))())))))())))))) w)))) wcese!e!!!(z jn)) )m;68())(()) (z)) ))()!)(we!to!()))))))))))))))()))!))!)) )))) () (w)jof (q) qe!)!)))))))) hr!))))!!))))))())()) )p)j) 1; 15y0
))!) h(() o0)))
)) )peo!u)())))))))(c))))))))))))))))))) ))))(.
t) () ))) t() tar!))))))))))!)())))) ()())))))))))))))) we th))(()!))))))))))!))!)))))))))(!)))(()) th)!
t!ele)())))))!()))))))) w)))()))())))) ha() j.xe)e!)p!))) ))))) ))))))) ()))))) werae))))) )))))))) ()))))))))))!))))())))) whe!((q!(m)()))))))))))))) w) (k!)j)()( ta(()r)))!!!))))()))()( )v))()) ()))(!() the!()))))))))))))))))))()))))))))))))))) th))cle)(()))))) 1y!))()))))))))))) ()()) th))(()))()))))))(() a!te!!)xer))) te)))q)))) )p))) ))))!)))) )) )pe)!))))) 1 h(0q))(
)p)jx2)) 1wzi)!2)))) i)))8)) )cnyi)))e))ja!((k!t)j))) ()))))) h))m))))))
axa)b i(e!))()))))))) th)))))())))))) )))))))())) ))))) ha)())) 1w!)q))) ) 0kgc(k!))q!!))) ())() t)?)!) h()m))))))))!)) 
(): () ) o))))()))))()))!)!)))!) )p0)))(()))) th)((e! o (t))!))()j) ()))))))) a)) ()))))))))))) we 0kk)!!
o))i(j)))) ).  )))) ()))()())(
))( h))qe!! o():u!)) (ke))
i (que((!)))))))))()) t) )k)jo)))se)!
()j0
h()!)! ye))ja)j)t!))))) ()))))())))) w)w4c())(

i) th)t)()!())()))))))) )))))!))!))))) t))))1:1 the!)()!))))())))))))())))) hr)))())))))) )peo(u)!r!!)) )))) ))))!)((z))))) ()):)())) in
())(!)) (!)) tre!))()))))))))))(()(!()))()) the!)))))))))))))))()))))))))))())()))))) were((())))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))))) wer(que((m)0qwy)(0lle! ()) !))))()!)))!)))))) ))))) )) )pe)))ban))) he)))))! ()()))))))))) )))))))) ())))!)! jose)(!quhe)())))))))))))())))()))))))))!()jo )):ca)asai!)q

t0)tn))j(f))))))())))))(()))))))) () (we!t)!)())())))()))))))))))))))))) ()))) (kno ()!) (!)))))))))))) ))) t))))))))))))) ha!t!enn))!))))))))))) )))))))))) ())()()) () ) o)(t)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))(()) )peqjdjo)()))) isa)()!!))))))))))))))!()()))()))))))))( on(()))))))))))))))()))))))))))))) w)))! hr(
(!!!()))!)!)q))))) )) ))) o)v0qu()e!ot!!())))))))()) )p)))) ))) )) h)
)!q?)j)

on))q(q)lne!)
 )()))))))))))) )p)j))))))) in) ()() th)((e))))))))))) ()))))())))!) ()!)!)))) ha!)n!ra((q!))))))()))) ha!))( ))) )))() o)th)()) ())()))) h))(())))( ) ))())))() ou()()(())))))!)!))))))))))())()())()())) ha!) 8!e!

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;)!))())))))!)()))))()))))!)))))))))))) it18
a)) i() t))) t! (8h)))( (kn)))))!)jo!!)) ()) o)
(6:31)1wel!)[!) x)!))))) ())) ()))) () ou()))())))!)))))))))())()))))))!))))())) werite!((())()))))))))())))))))))))(()))))) hra!)((!))))))))))))))))))))))))))()!))) (zera!! no!)!))))))))))))))))))()) ))(())))) th))!qqo!))!)!j)) 
uet!!))))))))))))))))))))())))))))))(()(()jo ee!!)(!))))))))!))))))))))))))))())()))) what!q
te!)()) !))))))))!)))))())) w)!()) )peon()(())))))))))))))))))) h()))())( (()( ta)(
)(qmed!)))))))))))())))))))))))))))) th)()()) th)!!))!))))))))))))))))))))))))) th))))) t) nn!te!)))))()))))))))))))()))()))) ()))))) th)()()!)))))))))))))))))))))))))) i)))) it0 th))((())))!()jo i)()))))())))))))))) () ())((() o)!
)))prh!rr!)))))))) )) )))))(()))))))))))))))!()) th((o)!) ()(q))))))))))) w))))))))))))))) wpeo(!)t])!)! )))))))))))) )p))))()))))))!

anc*)!)!))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) h)))ne tr)!q()(())))))))))))) (()) ())()!))()))) in
(!!hi!)( ())()( ta)))))))())))))))())() i)))))()))) h))) 1xkde!)!)!)!))) (ze)) () o*)qu))))!(wm))i) 0m th))))))())!)))))))!)!)) !))!))))) )p!)) 1;

zl(
   t0!tt))))))) )ph)(b))))(7!
)cn)t)j))))) 
y
0


1t0o
))! jan)ve!!)))) h)
(a))te)()jo))))) 
y (t)q (h)()!k)())!)) ))))) h))):)) o )qle)!!e))) ()))))))) )p)))) ())))) ()) ou(()))(()))))(()))))))())))))!))))))())) werite!!!(q!)) )))))))())))))))))))())))))) weree!())))))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))))) we t)())))))))))))))) w)) )))))))))))))()) ano e!!!)! )) ))) ())(()) an)a6w))c!((!)()))))(25)))() )p01) h))!e) th))(e!))))) )))))))))) )))((())()))))()) ha!tae t)(!a t)!w
)((wo!))ei()al))!)!!)!))!)() o)(t)en))))))) (z)()))) ))))) (z)) th)))q
)yveo!!
))))))) 1)

) ())) ))))))))) ))))) we t!)(!q)) )))))!))))))))))!) ))))))))()) ha!tae (d!qkd)c!)[)(())) ())) w))w)!!!))))) (z)jof(((t)()())))))))))))())) h))mee!j!)ve)! )))))))) )) (ze)) th)))))
y)
tr)))) )!y))())q(k))) ()))))) th)(())))))))))))))) ))) )()())))) t)))) 
y
0!qzajxtl))( ()))) ) ()() ou())(!)))))) )))) )))))) ))))))))) ()))) ha!)(qzi!e!xve!()()?ph)!)) )k))))) ()))))) ())()) )) () 1w!(())!)))!))))!)))))) )))))) w)) )))) ou(!(!()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) warete)!jm))!!(())())))))!(()))()))()!())))) whe!((())!)))))))))))))) int!)(())())))))))((()))) ))) th)))))()) )poe!((
qu)) o))))!))(()))))))))))()) ())) 1te))))))))))))))))))))))) w)) 
' )p)l)))vju(to!))!))))) th)))))))))))))) ())))))))))) ))) th))))() tr)m)e)(za)) tr)))q))) ())()()))())))()))) ))( ta))))()())())))))())))))()))))(()() ()) o-v0)))()e!) (keer!)!)))))))))))))())))))))!))))()))))) )peo!)
(  1fee!!!) (k!) )p)))))(5))))))))!))) weri))j8 
1 th)((c!)))() )))( ()) )))()())() ())!!))) ha!)(e (())))))))) ()))))) )peo)(z)e)))()! ) ))))))) )))))) w))) w)))( h(0 t0 (e o)))() ()))))))))))) ()))))))))) )()))(

yet!))))()))))))))))))))))))) o!ajos!q()))))())) we)()()()()))(()())! (z)) th)!qem!e!!)
))))) )))))))))))(())))))))) were!)))))))))))))))))))) ta
)))))))))()() it!(((i))))))))))!!o()()) th)))()qvzl))) 
'
o!ajo)!q))nv()))(()))) t) a!))!j) o)) )(.5) ho)())))))) ())))!))))!)))!))))))))!())(.
t))(())))))))))!)))))))))) wer)qqth)!eo)!q! o
)j))) ))() () )))))))))!))))) )) an)x)jxzr))q9)* ou(())))))()()())))))))))))()))!))))))))) wer(qme (t ()))))))))))))!)))()))()))))))))))) wnra!!)!)))))))))()) i))())()))!))))())(( h()v0)!0!que))e) 1))!))!)( !)))())!))))) w)w)(? u
o (t!!))))))))))))!))))))))))))())))))))) afaqe)((()))))) h)))))) ou()()()))))))))))!)))())))))))!()!))!))) werith)
m)!!))))))))))()))))()))()))))!)))() ha!)!(e!te)!()))))))))))))))()))) ()())( ta(()((( ue))((()()(()))))) )p))(k(z)())) 1y (z8): 13y0:ot!)q)w)))))))))))) ))))) h))))))) )p81() o)c0((2)! ta()!) h)
()))) 1)) h))(q)))!!o0)ca!
(()) (z))) 1 ta)())y)p!(()) () n))()) af ye))))))())))) )))))))()))))) ())))))()) i 0me()()!))(!(())(()))))))()))))!))!()j'ahene!!)! ())))()) ))) t))))))()()())))))))) ha!tee!!!()!))))) ()))))))))))))) ()))(() t)kei on!o3!))q))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))!) it7wnc
()!a0)that)!()))))) (())))))()))))()))) th())))))ee)()) ))))) oe)!()))))) )())))) th)))
)))))!))))))() is) i)) 
)))))))))))))!))()))!))!())))() hr)(!)(!)())))))))))))))))))))))))))))() ite)(()()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )() tr)0:)))))))!

ine
(

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;))()())))()!!))))))())))))!)!))))))))) th))

x's!() ou(()))()))))))))))))())!))))))))))())))) whe(((()())))(()(
a!ath()! )))nv0 !)())(k)j)) (z)l)jo)!)
a!a)) t) ta ()))))))))))))())())()))))))))))(
()) 1yyvel)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))(() ta])o)))t)t o)jon)!)!)) h)))))))))))))))) ())) ))))) w) th)))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))))))) wk
0r((t (fe!)))!!)))) ))))))) )!))(())))))))))) w) th)()(()())))()))))())))!))())()) !))))) the!())())))!!))))))))))())()))))()))())) werit!g)()))())))))))))))))))))!)))))))())) in
t0!!))le o)r))))()()j))!)!)))))))(()))) ))() )() ou(!()))))))))))))!)))))))))))))))))()()) i a)te ()

a!!
2heo!)()!)))) (z)))))()! )))))) ))))))))) we t)()))))))))))))))) ()) ))()))))))))))) ha!)taa!(()() ())))))) at))())() o*8)()()( t!te!a)()) () t())())!)))!)))() h(t!))()())))))))))))))))))))) ))) ))))) ha!)
t!!()jta)t!e))!)!))()()) a)))()!())()))!))) w)) the!()))))!!!!)))))(!)))))!)))!!!)(()())) ha!)t!q?t jo '0) ()): ())))))))))))()!))))))))))) (zera))()(()))))))))))))))))) wpe!(q!())!)))))))!)!!)) h)
o( (z))))))!)) th))
! )))cv)())) 1!))() i))j8) th))!)()))) a)))( ()))) )) h!)c())!))))) on(
!)y)(s)))8 th)))(())))))()))))))))))) ())) (z)) ()) ou(!))!))))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))) wer(que!m(!)!))!)))) t))() (w)))!))())()) in
())(!)(!))))())) )))) (z)))) )p6j)(() o)(6k'!eat)!q(wo)) j))))p)) 1to))!)()q!)))))))!)) )) h))ve!)()))) )))))w)jo)) ) )))))))) h)))'! 1; in!!zl(mda))j8)))))()))))))))! )(()))!()) 1))))((kee!((()))))!)!)!) !))))()))()))))))))))) th()
tt!t!))()))())))()()))))))))))))))))) wer!q
 th)!!)())))))))())))))) w))))))))(2)))() tru(())!!))))))))))())))())))))))) ()))))) hra!()))))))))))))))))())))))))())()))!) )cvqm)m)
)qie)cj0(t)))) )p)) ()))b))) ))() ou(!()!)()))))))))))))))))))))()))))()()) th)(te)))())))))))))))))))) we)) 
) ()(() o)
 d t))))):!)()()))()!)))())))((())())())) wer(er!))))))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th)!zswr( i
xt!))()))))))))()))()))))))))))(()))(8:1 ina!!qu1ixe)(())))) ))))))( ())))) (())() wlo!!!q(k
o!(()!)!)))) )))))) )) )p))))))) )) )) ou())))!)))(!(())!))))())))())!)()))()()) th0(
t!q?y t)o!ta)!)()))) !())) ()))))()!)))))) (z)jo)q)jve!)edr) (yd )))!))))
i()()) ())()))) (z! o))jxz37j0afte!!) (t)))(()) h))(
()))())))))) )())!!)) h))!)r) o)())))))))))))))))) wpe!))))))()() )m) (())) 1w!))q!) ))()())) at)) () ())) wa on!!); (() (q)ln))( o! ())! ())))))))!()jo () i!a 0) ()) o))t!) (h)))()) )m))())!)(()) 1we)(())()))) ()) )))))))))))) way) th))
e! th))))()!)))(()j))))())))!())!!))) t)) )) ou()()))))))))(())))))))())))))())()))))) were((())))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))))) wer(que((m)0qwy))-r t!()))))(()) 1))()!)))) w)))))() ()) !( it!)!nd!)!)) )!))))())) we))))) )()) ()) ou(()))))))(())(()!)))(!))))))))))))))))) th)ai!
(!())!()))()))))))))!))))))))))()) th)(t!))))()))))))))))))))))))
)) o))))) 1:1
o))(!))))) h))))))) ()) 1 (z)j)) 
o) 
q! xvo]
 )c!) ou)))(())))))))))()))))))()))())))()))))(8:1
o!))))(())))))))))))))))))))))))))) hr(!te)())!()!)))) 1 th)())()))))))))(())))))))))))))))) ())) th)!jeer!!)))())()q)))))) ())())) )))())))( (w)jof((mm j(! ) o)))))))))))))) !) )) ))))) )) ou(!)()))!sj)))) !))))()(())()))))))!)()) th0()!!! th))()!)())))) i)!))))) () ))))) 0;be!()
o)(z!os!0j( (ze)t))n))))) (ze)w)) ! o)( t!)!t)) (teu!l)))))jx!jjo)))()) )))) w)(()) ))))))() h))) 1))) ate(((z)))) th)!)))()(
t))))())((zr))()( tti())())))))()))))))))))))))) ))))))))!) ou(!))))()))))!))))))())!))!)))())))()()) th((e (qm i!)q8!.
y)
 j()))()))))))()))))))) () (wo!!) c)!jke!e!!a))) ()) a)))) t))()))))) () ) 0)( h(!je!!!) )qwnn(*)))aug)(b))!))))) () () ))) 0.
o!) ()jx)v)) ) o)(0))()j))))) 1;)((q)l)j) ())) 1)(() o)
a!d!es!ye)(q))) )po))))))) )) ()))))))) ))))() i)ta()(!) i))))))) ))!))))))))))! hr))))())!) ))!)()) h))ctr!!))!))v!))) ())))) )c!))))( )))))) hr(
t)!!5!q)lve)))))))))))))))))))))!))( h))m))))) )) on()!)))!))!)q()))!)))())!!! )) t!))( ))w0j'meq)( (t))))u)) )nve))())( ))))) h)
))8)fin))()))(! ())) ha!)!)!!qm))))!)))))))!)) h)))q())))!)) i 3) qta)mun))))))))()))())))) hr))))))))))))))))) (vt!)a) )p8
)jo!))()0 
i 
y te!)!) !!)))) ()))))()()!))) ))))))))))) ha!)wn ()
()))!)()))))) i) )))(5r))))!)() t)))? ta)
u0qi)):):) () af)q)qw)) 
)))) ()) )) 0q io! 

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;)!))())))!)))()))))())))))))))))(!)))) th()!)jea!)i))))))))))))())))))) wer))()) h)j8))!! ) ())) th))))) ())))()))!)))()! ()))))) ha)))))) 
y!) jo t!)))!))2))))))))) ()!(
2)))) )p)j)!)) ha!)
o)))))!))) ))j))) 1)):) () a)(( )!( th)(())()!)) is!) th)
()e))()()))))))))) (z)))))()))) ()))) ou()!!)))()))))))))()())()))()))))))))))) afaqe)!!((())))180:)(z)) ))))))) 1):))q)'so0)0xo9eveh(!i))))))) ))))))) ()) () ())) ()) )()) ta!e()) ))) o-v)((zra))l())!())) )() ())( )cj0))))() it!)(g)ma)th!)))))))) () ))) ))))))))()))) w))) 1 te)))))))))))))))()))))))( )) o))2)())) ha!)!!!)))))))!)))))) )p)) ()) ()) ))()! ye!!) ()l!ev!e)))))) ))) a)aj)))() it!)(q (w)) () (wo!(t))))))())!)))))))))))) )))())!))) )cnea()))!tq( ((w)jo)))ch))( o))()jou))q())( (zej))) oe)
()))) )mo))))))) ()) (z)))) (z))))() it)!(qm() ()))())) (k))jos))))) )p)) ()) h)()) o))0)))) ()l)c(f))(zli!))
))))())() ou)!))))))))))))))) )))))))))))))))) ())) wa
is!))
(6()))j4()( ()) )m!) () ))))()) (zera!t)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))(1)!) the!((!)))))))())))))))))!))))))))))()))) ha!!( th!((z())))))) h))c))) ) ()))))!)()) ()) o*v0)ee6t))))) ())))) h))c))) )) ()) i))lo!e
o!)))1;)) ))))))) )peo))e)))))(())))))))) !) h))!!) ()) o))))ldj!!!)(.))j) 1(y! ) ())) wer(e!))))))) ha!)j!)))()))))))))())))))) wnr!!!!)()) ha()))) 1!)zr))))))))())()!)() th))
)))): )p)j5! ((zera
t)x())))))!)))()))) ())! ( )l))))))))) th))!!!a
(() t) t)))r)))))())))))() ())() t))? )zra)(!(()q(k)))) ))( )m)) 0)((z)) (ze)t0z)cal)w!)q() t!(())) 1))e)t0
)) o)))5
y!)(9)
o j))))))))) ))) )) h))))) wh))))))))))) w! the!)!!))))i))(!! i))))() i) ) o)!)))())) o)(
to!)()))))))))))!)()))(8)))))) )) ()))))) wer)qen!)(6c))!))) ))! ) ))) )))) )()())))) th)(()))) ())))))) (z))) 1)) ())) 1t))() the!))))))))))))))())()))))!!)))))!)!)))) th()!-( ))))))))()() )) o)))j) (zee))))) 1weve!!)!)))()))))) ()))))))))))) ))))))()) th)!te)!)e))) ())))))) ))))))) w)) )))))) wera(e)!!))))))))!)!) t!)))())!))!)!))()))) weroq)qui()))))))) )))) )) )))()))!))))())) wer!jjo)()))f!) ) ) o))et!)))!) ()))())()))))) (k)()())))))(

) an) n)!t!!!(
y
))))))) )))))))) )) () () ) 0kgca!ij!())
)))) (z)()() )))))())))!))) )peo!())(())))) ))))) )p8 8g3o!)!))h)))))))(()))))))) ha!)t!!!()())))z))))8 )p)) ()!ar)e)))!)()que!t8)!e))) os!())r))(
)))()))))() ))))))()))) )c()lnn)0)(
()jo (t!!()jon!(
))(
t!))() )))( ou(()())))))()))))))))!()))))())!()j))))) i0ta)(()))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))())( t)mte!()!!!)) ))))))))((b))()))() t!)()))() it((qr!()()) 
y)e)
v))))) () ()l)) ('))) 2j?k)!)) ()) !p)j) th)))t))()))))) )m!) the!()))))!())!))())))))()))))()))))))))) wnra!!))(!) t! ()))) in))!)!!))!))))!))))) wkro!q)) th)))))) ) o)()))))()) ())))))!)))) w))))) t))mye!e!(()))) )cne (0))) ))(w)))) ((w)) )me)
( ())!) i)()() wer()!!(
()))))))) ()())))))) h!))5cjp)!)(
an) )()!) )) )) )() )p)))))))) ()) h)))() )! th)(). t)lo)ee! () o))))))(()! ihe0t)))))))))()) () ))) ()) ha!))))())) )p))))) 1 )p!)())())()()))() th)(((()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())) wer(jr)(()))))))))))))))))))))( t)()))))!) o))08!(ev) ()z))) )p51wen))(9()()z)ln)!)))))!))))) ())() )))))) wa in!je!)!tr()j))))( i)))() ())())))))())) )c)zra!)qen))0))) (k!y oo(a())))!))!) )()!))))))))) ())))))))))) we th))!)))))))))())))))))))))))!))!))))))) th)(t t)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ())))))!) o]ro!))(!))))) )) )c)c)))()))))) ))) )))()) wa
h()l)
a)j)e)l)
(()) )p)) 
()) t))(())() tr!(t)q(! )c!quer!)))))() ) ))) ou(!)(()))))()!))(()(()))(((())((())))()(
t0
hi()))))))))()))))())))()))))))))) ))() ou(!()!)))))))))))))))))))!)))))))))()))) wer((qth)())))))))))))) (k!))))))))))))))) h(*mjqqq
0hj00(a
jhe)((e))))()))))))))() ) ()) )))) ))())( ta((t)*))(!)) ) o)(()l)())!))))(!))()(!() t) o ((qq))(
)()))))) t) ()))) w))()) ()!)) hr!((())!!!) )))) (z)jo)!xx)w)) ha!!)!!))))!)))))(2))! ( () h)())c))(!!) the!(())))))))))))())))())!) ())))))))))) ha()(!!!))))z)))) )))) t)))))) tr)r))((z!())) )p))!!

y!()( ))) 2'))))(8:1
o!)(()))) ())))))())( )))))))())))) whoo!ta!! ()la!!) 8)(z)) 1())))))))))())!()) (zera!! ())))))) (z)late!))!))))) )) )( ())())))))))) w!) ())) 1 h))(())t))!))))))))))))) )))))) th)())))))))))))))()))))))))) t) )p8)()) 
y 7(jo) 1w! ))()!))) )pe))))))) )pe))qj)l)))) )m;7j(ne(e! ())))))) )) (z

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;))()())))()!!))))))!!)))))())))))))))) wer(quagn)!))t(x!()))())())()))))))))))))) ())) way t0
u(kne!e!!)q))!)) ()) o))))))())!!!))!)))) w)w t( !9! pis)
u))
i)q)()))()))() ())())) ha!!
w!!
13(f o)!
x t0!tn)!!))!))))!!(()))))))!))!)))))))()) i a)t i])))))!)!)))))))))) hr(!(! ()()))))))(5he)!
!!! o!ee))v))(! keh!)))))))))))!))))))())!)) () y))j))))) ha()!)
())())))) ))))) )k)) 
y!))( x)!)( h)(80ekn!())xt) (ko)))))))) h)
to!))())))) )))) )m))))) 1)() ))())))) )) h)
(0 (zra!!!!uq)) () ())) )c)z)l)) r)))jos))((o!) ())) ()) )))()( ta))))))))))))))))!) )))))) ha(t!))!))))))))))))) )) () 1)e))n)t)))! ha!(
(a!)() () h)))) (k)))(5)())) ()) o!)
(e) ()j)e)) )vq)) 1() t)))))(fel!t))())))))()()))((()(())() i!))))))))) hr(
a)(f  o!))))()) t)))q))))))))))))!)))) ha!)))!)!!))) o)()qss))q)kn! ()))))()!)) )peen)))!) )ke)))()) (que!qt)j)))))) (z())) th)!to!()(e ())) ())! )) ())) ))))))))))) th)(( t!)))) o!r))()) th)))))))))))()()))))))()))))()()) t))!) in
()!(!!))))))))()))))))))))(24)))( )() ou(!!(!)!)))))))))))))))))))))))))()()))) whath!q(()!))))))))))))))) w) ())) o))())))) th))t)
()e) ))))()))) !)) ))(())) th))!))(5m))n))))) )))))()())()) i)))()) th((ta))())))))!))))))))))))( )))()))())) we)jqv
xyn
)n6!! ()!))))) h))c!me))()!)()))))))) we t))))() )))))))) ))))))) )))))))))))()) ha!tae te!e())n!)))))))))))())()))!))))))))))!) ha!(!)))))))()))())())))))()))))()) ))() ou(()())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))()) i 0me](!)!()!)(()()!))))())z)))))) )(()) the!(()))!!!!!!))(!))()))!)!)))!)())(())) anat ((!)())))))! (() )p)))) 1 )))())(())) an)

t)!()))) (o (zee)))! th))))! u)) de))
))))))) ()())( ))) 0;))) an
a
)))((ven)!()j) ()) h))z((ta!))!))!))!)) ()) (z)! y)j)je)))! h))))) 1; 1 th)(()!())))
(z)) (!)() () th)))))()!)))))))))())())))))))))))))))!) o)(
a
))jon)))))(()(

) o])8k!j0)))) ))( (z))) ('8hh())())) )))) ))))))) )))))) )))() t)?one!())))))))!)) ))) ()()) )()) () o))5)!) ou()))))))))))))()(())))()() ())))()(())) th)((()))))))))))))) ha()(eh!!)))))()))))))))())))) ()) )!)!
)) (zera!)it) 8
xt 0))))(())))()!))!))() (z()))) )) 0qvm))!)j)(0h:)
20() th))(())))(()) 1))()))!!))())!!()()))))) hr(
()()))))))))))) )) h)
00:!() t)o)!))j8 
an0ze!x)) )p8ke)e()r)))))))!)))))))() )c(z)lv0k)!) 0? ye or!))) f)))()())())))()))))())))))())())) wer(tae))))())! !)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) waree)()!()))) on)(!))))))))) )!)))))))!)()) )p)c9e) ()jo sm)())))()) ())) )))))()))))!))) ())()()! he!!qxe e!!)!th)))e) ))))))()))))))))))) w))( ) o!6)))())))))())))))))(
(()) 1))(()) (zee((())))!!)!))))))))) w)) h(ate!)) o) a))()))())())))) )((!()))())))(

i) asiave((!))))))))))!))))))))))))))))))()))) whee(()te!())ra!))))))))))))) t)1x)!()()) t) h(0!t!)!)))))(! ))))) )))) we)j)))jo!)))1
in!!!) ta!e))0)))))))))!)) )) h))ve!))(()(ave))) (k)) 1 t))))))() t))).?
x o)() !0( o-)) i)!)k)n)))) wh )))))))) 2y))))) h)!))?!))) () (z))() 0hc)))))! )!()) )))) h))))))( ou()(()))()))))!!))))))())()))())) ()))) in
)e((())) 1's
)ja ())) an) ()))()))(()) (k)))) 1))? jos)!)))) )uee!))ve)))v)(8)((ze)))) )c!)))jy t)) ()(
)):) h)
xj?) )) h!)r)) o)t))())t!))))))())))))))()) ))) ()) () ta!))d))())))))!)) ))())))))))))))))))()) i 0
t! a)())))))) 1xe(q(m! ())) (z)j)))(())! i)) () t) o))vpe)))))))))))))))( (() ())() )))()))))()(
th)!!!))))))))))))))))!!)))))))))))))))) th))cdqte!()
()) 1)()))))))))))))))))())) ha()
5(q eo)!))))))))) 1))) ())))))))!)))))))()!) in)!(
r!!)()!))( nnt!))))))))))))))))))()))))))(()()))))))) wera(q))))jro))))) !) h))z)()))))))))))!))))!))) w)) ato)v(o))))!))))))))))))))) i))))) t()())) ata(e!!())ze))mj)j) t))ju))n()w i)))))))))!()))))(5(

(z))) 1 )c)j)) 1wne!!)!)))))))))))) )))))))) 1))) )))))))) wathe!((())()) (kn))())) o[)) )
())()))))))) )p)jo)u ot!)()))))))()))))))))))())) () ())))!))) wa th(()!!!!!!)!))))))))))))))!)) ()))))))() tr-t!t0!q))!))())))))(
)pi)8m))(7))()))) a)a) ))( ou))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th)ai!e!
t!)qus))z))))))))))))))))))))()) wath)!jee)()) o!qo(!!e)dnl)))))) )))())))))())))) ())))) t))) 1(y th)
a)))!)))))))))))())) o))))))()))))))) wera()))q)))))))) th)()te!)()))))())!)!))))))))))))) i)))))) we y)qm!!
0) i!t)))))))) ())())))))())))()) ha!taen!)jjol!o)!)))) a))) ()!) () ()!!())))))))))) wero!!q!))))))))))

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;))()())))((!)()))))(()))))!))))))))()) wa th!!!!; t0))))))))))))))))))))) )()!)))) ha()(!q (
(
((!)roa)))) t) t)e!)(()))()))))(!())))()()))() i) h))
(! (pe!(r!)) ()) )) )c))) h)))))())()jo ()))) wha)())jo)))q)l)j) ) o))8)wk)j)))))())!))) )))))) w!)) ()))( ta((b??me(!at)wm)v!)))) ))))() ()))))!!))) w))))))))
151

y h((!)())!!)))))))))))))))))))))) (())()) i a)!oqe!)()(zera)!)) t)))))))))! (w)))) )()( (ze!( ) )) ou(!)))()(()()()(((!)!)))))!)!())!)())()) th)(ta))(())))))))))) ))))) ))))) )p))))) 1 (be(((())) 1))) te)())( ()!))))) h)
)) o])()!!)!

a)))) 15:1
o ()!e))!)))))!)!))))))) ())))!)))))) )p)jo ani0))))dzer)m))q())))())))))())))))))))) ))))) )m) ou()!)))))))))))!))))())))()))))) )))())) ha()
y
)!)))!5)))))))) ())))))))!!o))!!) tran))(!!))))))))))))))))))))()!)))))))))) whath(((())))))))()))!)))())))))))) )!())))) ha!tee!()) 2ynm!(!x)j)) ())))()))))))!!())()) () )())) 1 h()))!!!!)) )))!)))) 1te))
o w))()!))))))))))()))))))))))))))))()))) wer(((
)q
o
)))))))))))))()))))))) w)))()) th)(t!))!)))()!)) ha)t))e ) ()))()ll))!))) ta
o))) )())!)(
)z))))) ()!)))) an))))))) o]t (f))()! i)!())))))))())))()) )k!) () th)(()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())(zra)(())))))!))()))))))!)))))()))))))))) )ln
t))))j7(())()no))) ()))))!)))!) (z))) 1h)) () 1w)))))) o!)))) )j)))) h)
)) 
bl))))))) ())))) !)) )) h()))))) ())()) 
yeem!(q(u! h(k))j)))()))()!)) ))()(()))))) t!)) )pqr3djot)(k)))no)()())(()))))))())))))))())))))())) we)jy-0((c()() h!)!)) )()() () (k!)))()))!)) ))) t))t)qute))(())()wn)) )(f))) o!))!)!))()) )))() )k?joa()! 1w (( o)())) 
) (e)
a)a) 0) i))) (k!)))! h))
1 a)(
h(7!w)ej)?a)l)) 5)) o)))( )()( (k)j)))) 1wzle!)())!() ()) (z!) t)) 
) o ))) (t)))) () ta-()())!))() ))))))())())!) )( ()())((wo!e ))))))))))))))))))))!))))))))) th)))))tee!!)!))))))))))))!))))))) ())))! i!))() the(()))))))))))))))))))))))))!)))!()))() it(q
u0i(n!)!!(
o))qkg)o!!())))))() )!)))()) )))))()))) th)((t)()))))))())))))))))) h))))? h))))) h)
(o! ()) 
o)))) i[))(())) t)e )t)!))))! th)))()
()( (kno)))())) t!))) )):ueza(w)) 
') o!dd))
!) ha()()())) )(()))(() o[))) ))))))!))))((zrh!((xn(! rn9)j)wy))))))))) 1)))))) ))) ()) tr)! ())()j) an)
(z(zr))mh!)!)()())))!))()) )pe)))m))) (zera)((()jx) )))))) th)()e)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) w)())) th))a(()(()()))))) (z)))(())) ()() )))()) smu( (no!!qs)jo!)))(((()))!()!)) )))()()) )))) wa 0kj0a ca)(i)())))) ()!) h)
t))()))(())()))))))))))) wer!))) i))) 1me() t)w! t))j)) o)))))))())() i))!)!))) (ze)w)cd)a!!)))) ()(

) ())) t) (ks!!(
o!) 1:teo)))!i)))))))()))))) ())())(()))))))))) were!())))))) i))j
)) ha!)
a)j))!)))))!()((z) t!)))))) w) )((wo)y!)!e)t))l))mo))o)))))) ))) ())))) )! ) th)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )b)))) th(!!!) ()l)!) i)) we))())()())q)!)))))) hr(
))(!))))()) )p)jusjj x0c
u!)))) )))) (ze) 2)) ))))())( )))) 1 tr!(()([))) )))))) ))) ty)((e!) )n!))))) ))))))) )p)jo )je)))))) wp!) le!()))) 
y)e))) () ()())(!)())))) hr))))m)!())))) )))))))))))) )))))) ))!) ha!e)(()))))!))))))))()))))))))))))))(!) in)t!)))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))( h(m((0))(!()))()))))))))))))) we t!()!))) )) () )) o)))!)))))))))))))()) th)(t!))k)))))))))()))))) ())) 1)): ()))) ha!)t!m!()() t)y 2(zr)l!)cj):(8) () (!)!) (k)) 1)) t! te)) )) o[)))te )l!q)!)q))()))))))))) h)
t))):) hr!(r!)q))()) t)) te))!))))))() ))))))!(w)) )l))) )p))))))8 
zio!!!!!)))()))))))) ()) )) !? ))(t)lo (er!)!!()))))) )))))!())))(()) ()))))))))) ha!)
t
t))()))))))))))))) )))))) () )(() )m8he)())!)))))))))))!))) (())))))()))) (zera)!(((!!!)) w)u))))) wer((()!)) 1;)0)))) we ))))))))(1)) ())))) th)()e)))(q))))))()))))))))))())) ax)()))e t (
 is o)!))))))!))) )))))))) ())() ())))))) )mqll(os(!i!)() o-())))) t)))())))) 1))) )) (zrh!((vnqte)))))) ())) )) ())))))))) ()))( h)))!
o!at!!o a!)))))!)))))))))))))())))))))))) )cno)(8k))((yn))
for!)()!()))((z)))))())))!)!((z))) ())))) ou(!)!)()))))!))))))))())!))))))!)))))))) ha!!(u]er!t()j?  i)))) () () ()( )p8)(()j))))6!) hr((!()(())()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) waree!))))j)( o!))que))()))!)jot)))))))!))()))))())))))))()))))))) wh)) 1 to)(() ))( o)rh)))))!()!)))))))!)()()!))))()))) )))(() th((*t!))))))
o)))))))))))))))))())))))) weree!)))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))))) we t)))())))))))))))) we)j))))

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;)!()())))())!))())))))())!))))!))))))) th)((!t!((()))()))))))))())))))))) a)(()) ha!) a!qq jo)!))!x))) ())))))!()())!)(!(

on(())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) t) o-)!t!))()) a!)))!))))))
h))))8) ta)o)!! o))(!)() on))!))))j)))) ())))()))) )p))))) 1))))) what ()m!!)))))))))) ()) )))()))! t))(()l)joe 7!)
is))))))))))))) ))) () () )) )p))!jo[)bzia!()i(()) o)))))) ))) )) h))cd))()))))))))) w)))())))))) )p)jo))) the!()!)))) ))))))))))))()))())!))))())() th((((()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th)ai!e!
t))jue))()))))))))))))))))())()) i) () a)xt)keev!()))))))))))))))!)))))))) wer!)t)))) te!
qle))))))) t)!))!)))!)))())) () ()))((wo!e ())) ))))))))))) w) th))))))))))))))(!do())))) ))))) )))))) ha!) te)()!)))( h()))))))j0)) ))))( )!() ) )!) ith)()!))))))))()))))))))))))))))))))))) th)!jae(t!!()) ))))!)()))))()))))))))))))!)) )cnuqt!(
 y
  (zera)))))) ()) ()) ())()))() i))()) th)(t)))))))) ))) ))))))))))))))) wa))))) 1 
? isa)(!) (zer)t
))())) ))( )p8o)()) ta)) ) ())))))))))!) (k)j))))()()) the)))!))))())))))))!)))))() )))))))))))) th)(t-))))))))))))) t)1x)))))))))) i))))) waen!orht()))))(!(())))) ))) ())())))!))))))))!

in a!!qxzjm!))))) () af)qo
(9:) ())))) )c)b!)))) h)
()):loi!)) o))()) )pr)c)jo!)5)))())))) () t!te!n))((!))) t))))))))(!)) () )())!)()jo)jonh))(!)))))))))))!!))))))))())())))!))))) hr(
i!qveqe))()!()()))))))))))) )))))!)!(x)) andhr)))))))))))())()))))()))))))))))())))) wer(((((!))))))))))))))))))))))) () ())!)) wa
j? jos*))())) 1 (z))))))) t)))) t!))) ine)!)))))) ye)))) the))))))()))))())!!!))))))!)))!))))))!)) th)(!)))qo*q)lne()!))))!)))) )))) h)))))) 13:1))c))))) ha!)t)() !!)))) ((w)) 1wzl!)))b!) h)!)) (k))jose((())!)))))))))))))!))) i)))))))))))!(? jone!e!a?7)e)!!))kn))))!))) ! th!)))))))()))))))) h)
(7))))) ))) ha!!)!q!x
j)to)))))z)) )k)))) ))()))))) th)())!)) ) )m)) )) t)t))(
)1)))) 
)))) wate)(()))))) )) )()))()) )c! j0)))))))()) ha!ta (:ro8!(!e1x))jue)t)) ( o*)!z))!)())())() ())) ha())) ()(0)a!) 1: ana jquf!)(u))b!))!(())) )))()))) )p!))))) )) !ywm e)ex!t))))) ()j))))() h))() ())))( i)))(

yeve!))) ))))))) )()) th()))))))()))))))))))) ))))))))!)) ()))) th))))))))))))))))))!))))!)))))) te!))))p6ke!!!!))!!q) ()) (() )) )p)())) )) h(0)
(
 0
eeem)(z)) ())))))))))))))()))))())))))))) wer(qmqlie!r! )!))) )(fil!))))))()))))))))())!(? unee!t))))a)))))!))))())!)) in))()q)))!))())) we ()jout!()))) ()))!)) w!) ))))))()))! )))))) were(()))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))))!)))) wer(qq)t
)()))))))!))) )) hr()()))))))))))!) ()))))))) w))() ))!) hr()!)()1)))()) ()))) ()) ))) ()!())))!!o
th)))))))))))))))))!)))!)))))))))))(z)) 1yyw5e8j0?qlei!o)))) )) )v)) )))! ((())))) )))) wa)) h)tw!ot!))!)))))) (()!))())))())())())))))) w) th)(())))()))))))))))())())))())) !))))) hra!()())))!))))!))))))))!)))) ))))))))) )cnei!0t)!)(q)p) )c)) t))n)))())())) )pe)!)(

in!!qri!)o t))))!)q)lnn())))!))()))))) ()( ta)()j))! !))) ))()) th)))()))))))((z)))) the!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))!))))))) wera(n)()()())(()())))(())) h!)))))!))()))) ha!)(cke! ti))))())))!)!)))))))()))))))() ))))) )peo()!()!rj(6n)j0
5:32)))!!))) )) )) )))) 2y))))) af)w (qqde)jx c)
!))) h))p7)))))))))))))() () t))) () )p8o)))) oil)))))))))))))()))()))))))((()()()))))) wer(qte)t)(!)))))))))))))))) )))) )))!)))) h))) the!((()))(!!))!)())())!))())))()))())))) whe(((!(()!))))))))) w))))! i)) an)())) i! jos!)q ()))))) ()) )))))!) )) oi)))!)))())))(()))!)!)(()))))())))))))) i 0pte!!qt(())))))) (k)) (t!)))))()))))() i) an
) to)))())))))))))!))))(()))()))))!))!)!)) i 0me())!)!)))))))!)))))))))) ()) h))())( t)m9wo)()))())d)) )) t))())))) (()) th))((!(!))!))!)())!))!))) i th))()! (()())))))))))))))))))!)!))(!))) ha!)())))!j8 to!)
  0()) ())))5)))))())())))!)! ())!)) wa th)((!()()))))))))))))))) th))!))())()))))))() ()))))))))) wa))() it!o!!))!)!))()))))))))))))) )c)))((h))) 1 ta!qo9(()) an! as(n))))))()()))()()(())))))))) )))) )p)jond*(()(!!)))))()?)())( h))te)))))))())))))))))))))))))))))())))) th!)(e)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) o))()) wa(xde (()()) )))) ! o)8))3 () o!) ()))) )))( ta((()))!!))!)))))) )))!)) )))()))) ))))) ha!!te)(z!j0ze)) )p0 (kpe))))!)))))))!)(!)))()))) )l!) () ()!))( h!)qe!())))!))))))))))))))))))))))) w))( i) (t7n
o (()))))) o)))))))))

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;))())))))()(!))!)))(()))!)))))))())))) whe!)((()!))))) i)) jurat))()))()))))))))))))))))))))()))())))) hr(
(th)())))(()!)))()()))))))!()))))))))) ha()
(
)!()))) )))))))))) it)))qu0) )!((

it!) i())))))))))))))())))))))))))) (ze)lj'e)dra!r!!!!())) ()))))())()()))))) )))!))))) ha()(!!!!))!!)s)))(
)zr)mt))))!)h))))( t!))) )m; o!a!)) ja))(k)) h)())!)))! j!))!)) w)) !)()) t))))()!) (ze2
5hh))
()!) ()) ))))))))(2)() )) ))wn))))ay
1 ()la(to))k)))!)))))))))))))))))))))c)))))))))) ha!!
(qlo!)))))))!))))))))))))) we)t))((k
t4os()(
())!)))) !r!)() ())))!)()))) )) th)!
qie!!t!()) (k)))))) th)))))))))()()) t)) t)'e)w1j)) )p8r)!)) oe()))) ()) )) ))))))) ))))))) ()))) ))(ari)ain)(()z)) to!e)))))) )))))))())))(())))))))))!))!!)
an))fy!!0,xv
t!)))))))))!)())) )))))) )c! jo)oi!o!)) )) o) )))) ))) )))())))) t)))) 1) th))
())))() (wo)))(q)())(()) 1))))())()) i!5 1)
o)[)e?1
y))n)l)qqv) )) o))qj)((!))))) !ywm)e((
of)(((t))())()) ())())))))))() )))) ()(

o!a!eqe!f!!) ca ()))))))) ))(f!))) ())! () ())) ))( ta!))()(()(((())))())))() ())(()())()))) tra()!)
o)())))))))))))))))()))))!!)))))() ita)]())))))))))))))))))))))))))))) t))) )kne!t!(0c))))!)!)))))!()) )))))! )v)) () (( te)((((()))))))))))))!))))!!)!())!))))!) ou(()))()())))(()(())))()(()!))(()))))))) we t))(qii))))))))))) ())) ))!)))))))))!)(x of)toe))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))!!))) () an*th))!))))))))))))))))))))) 0? n)
())) )cnea(()))(!))) 1y w)())(be!(()) )))))))())) )p)) ()) )p)u3))))) (voy)i
)p)o)tkn)i!)()()))))))))))!) ()( )))) 1))))))(9ca0a
yar!)(!)! )))) ))))()() )p)j))())))(4()j'sene!)))))))))))))))))()))())))))))))))))(220:) th)(()!!))))((0(!) i) xd))
o-0)(!) oi)))))))()))))))))())))!())()()(((()))) ha!t  (((())) () )))) ()))))) )!))) ())() ta!)))()))))))))))))))))))()))) (kno))())) 1; i!f)(re t)!()))q))() ()(()())))))) )))))!))!))) ha(!!5
!ej((kno)!)!)) )))!)!())))))!)))))))))))) afa)e)!)))qe)so))))))))))) ())!(is!()qu)qpt)es)))))!))) ha))((w!(z)))())!)()) (k)q)) (kno)!)!!())))))) )))))))))) )pe)q))jos) ())))! 1))))) () o))(()l))())))8 
z)) tl!qqa)i)))) ()!) (!())))))))!!)) ()))))) ha!! a)] o!))quq*)loi)))s())))()) )k)))) h!)q:)))t
()(w!))()) t)) ))) ta!0)!))))))))!)) )p))())) )p8))( h))n)))
t)!a))k!))) (zera)!)
(f))(()))!))) (k))) (ze)))).)) (v)) in())))())))))))))())))))())))) )()))))) ate)r)
(!
)))))))))))) ))) )))!))))) )))()) th)()))!))))) t)l))())) i!)6i)))!
2)()) 
()) (z)pto!6r)((e)j))(te!(me!)l)))t!je)) o!)
)j))))) h))( (t))(5h)) 1 () )))( (() )) ()jo))() te)[0e)))))) !q
o()(jqu)))! )) ))v ())) wh)aeh((!q)))()(()) ()) )mo])) )))())()()) t) 1 tr)(m) (n)) )))) ((a)))()))) w))))())())) waih o!oe! )))()) )peo!))))
(!!) )))())))) ()) )) o-ha())())c(zlt!)qi )))) )))) () ))(as)! isra(( ))(())) t)()()))() ()))) ()))()!) () 
' nnt!)(((()((()(()())(()(())))()))()()(()((kno]!!!jj8 o))())) 1w))(3))())))))!))) w!) i!))) (kno*!!!)))))))))))))))))))))) )))) th)(
()))))) wpe!!()())! )))))!)))) ()))) in
)!))))!)))) ino!m))!)())()))))))))()))) ha!))))))))) (w 
 1'sj0:
() ()()) t))!) an)a)ej)(kg))) ()))) ))))) ()( h))))(()))))!))) ha)())()))) ()))) (ze)) ta))je!( (x))(()) )lo!))aj)))) )) (() ))) wh(qqu)(((! ) )) ()j0)))))))!)) wa)))!) ou))!)))))()))())))))))))()))) ))))!))))) wer((qe!)!)))d)!))j)) h)))q)))))) )))))!)) th)()
())))))s)))))) )peo
()))) ()() )))) af le(!))))) ()) ()!)) wro()qvx)) )))))))!))) ())) i ())) ())))) the!(()()))!)) ())())))))(!)())))))))())) ha(!
y
(e!))))))))))))))!))))))))) )))() it!] 5c)jjajke!())))()())))) ()!)))())()( h)))!
))))e)qq!)))))!!))))!)) ))) ou))((()))))))))())))(!)!))!)))))))())))) hr(
())
(2(!) in!))e!(!qn)))))))))))!!!) (k))jo)ql!q)) 0sorn(!)) ((z)))))(()()))!)) (())) h))):))) hi))))()))))))))))()))!)) ())()))))))))) ha!t!!ne(qmnt!(()) ))n))))))))())))))!)()jo ()))()() o)))j0'to)(2z: (zr!o h)))q)l))))))())))!)1:2 t)) ()j))) !) )( ta!))!()!))!))))()!()))()!)) )cnye!)())))))))))))!)) in
t)))!!))))!))!()))))!)(())))))))))))) (y h(tqe!!que!!) t)r)))))!) o)!)) ))(!))())) th))!t)!)j)))) ()))())))))(()))))) ())()) ha!ta)()) t)!))()))()()))) t)) o!e)!!)()() tr)!!)(()!))))(())) ) (ze)) 1;

 an))))) i)y)l!
 ))) )p)c)) t)))( t)
u!))eec()z!() () (k)jo()))))))) h)
)qu0)vne)! )) 1) 1(y t)ne)))(
))())!)1:))))))) ) o!8)
o))))))))))))))))

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"dows; and let their men be put to death;"
dows; and let their men be put to death;)()))))))()))()!)))())))))))))))()))() ite)())())!)))))))))))))))))))))) () ))) we s)t)qm! th)))!)!)))) ()))))(!!()))!))))))))!!
)) th)((!))))))))))))))))))))))))()))(!))) ina!ege ((()!))))))((()())) ())()))))))()))))) wha
ja9
)y ji(t)jo!))))))))))))) )))))()) a)) () a))

on()!)))!)))))))((w))())) th))()))))) i)

 0? pe)()))th))r)n)))()) tj)) 0) ((vorc()m)))()l)j)))j)) (zee)))) (que)))()))) h)))(kno)!q!)))) ))))))))))!))))))))!)))))) we)j1w!rr)f l)(7) n)()))))(5!))))())))))))))))()) w) ta!)(!!(()() ())())))))()())) ha!)))))()) 
o!)wn-! u)( ()))))()))))!))( h))l)))))) an)a(cr)e
th)!())()))())())()))() )))))))) w))))() wajj0 h)ala ( 0))))!) )))!)) ())() ))!)((z))))) () no)))))())())()))))!)))()))))))()) ())))) the!()())))))!!!))))))!!)!!!())()))))()!) the!()!)))))))))))))!)))()))))))))())))!) o!8!!aa!)1'4hey)))))))()))()))))))(3))! ))!()) ()() ou())))!)))!()))))))))!))))) )) ))) ))))) ware( [)k6xvyy
u)())))))))()))))()!)))(()!()()())))) hr(
a)aere!)()()))!))))))))()))))()))!)) )ph)qn)) ite)!()!!))))))) () of))))))!)))(()))))))))) )) h)
(())))))) hr!!qm(()))cne)r))))())q)))))))())))))!!))))))!)(z!)) ha()!e

((qle!qm(pe!) (o) ())!)())()))) )))) ())()))!)) wha((q0(m!!))t())) (zry a)!6(

(z)j))))(5jo)qe! o)!)))))(()(y)ls!)(!))() ) ))))))))) (zer))
(0a[mnnh!3))))))))())))))))((()())))))))))))))) were!(ne) () 1j)oe t))0()(!))))))())!))()!()))) th))) )())nknwo!)))))))))))))()()))))))))))))))))!))) weritee)(((()()(())())) )))))()!())))())))) )p8
o)co!: ())) 1)): h(( (y!)!)q))())!()!)()))))) ))) th)))!!)(( )q)v) 0?) (kn)))!)) *) ))))!)) anat!)((!!)))())))))))))))))))))( ) )))))) th))te))())))))))())))))))))))))()))()())) ano)
o!((q)))()))) an)ot!!() )m) o!)()))!!) th)(!())))))()))))) ()())) ())())) an))) h(!!!q))(qle(( t)
)) ())( tr)())())() ))!()a))))))) )) w!))w ta)!)) ))))) ()))) (kn)))))j))) 1) t)m))) t)rv]))w!)()(w )! l)kn)))()) )) (zer))?)dja!nj)!)))( )))))))) )p))(wo!) ()(x)) h)) ( 0?)) i 1
(q)))) ))!)))) )pe))))) )peo!)eo!)))))))!!)))))))()))) )))))) h)))) )cnyt![te))))))))))))))))) )) ()))) h)))(() ou(!)))()))))!))))!))!)!)) ())(())))))))) ha(ta a)! jy!j))! h)))))))))))))))()))() ()) o)r! (n!(
))!))!))))))))) w) )) ()( h()))j0 
o))qk)))))))) h))(
)) )))) 1)) ou)!)))!)))()))))()!)())!))!())()())))))) whoot)()())())))))) h)()t )) !, ))))()() ())
th)!)))))))!)())()))))))))(((()))))) () ou(])))()))!)))))((()(()))))!())))))()))) wero!())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) wnra!)))cg)m!tai())( t))))))(())(!)))))())) t) ))) th)()m!
))))))) ())))))))) (( )))))))())) wer)ei()!())))())))))))))))))))))()))))!)(zrh)!!
())!z)))))) ha!t!! ) 8!)()))())()))))))()))!
!))!!(zlt!(mt(m)
ha!)!))!()())))))))))()) )))))))) (k)!(7ro )()))))))))()!())()) )peo!o)()()) (v))) ha!!!)!(u))()))))))))))() th!)))!q()))!!)) (kno)!(!))m!)))) ())))))) ) ))) ))) (ze2zl)jqle!m))))n)))))) ()) ()) h))h)))))!)))) h)
o ()) )))))))()) ))))!)))) wer) 1!))) is)eq!e)!
)))
())))() !))))))()() )(()) th)!)!))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))b.())) jes!())))))))))))))))()(!)()))))())))))) it0e! tha)(!)))!! ))))())!!)!)))))))())!)) (k))joes
()(()())))))))))))())) (ze)) th()))))(p
! ((usto)!j ))) t((f)))())))))))()) )!) )))(()) 1w! o))!))))))))))))))) i 2( o))
i() s!)ro)))) the)))))(!)))))()))!))))))))((()))))!)))) i a)!a0 t! !)) th)))t )zr]!d)))))) )())))()! ))) )) ())) anag! () !, i! (qu3xj)q:))()))))) ))((())) at)!):qu!dr)th)q)) (k!))()!) )) !!))))))() )))()))) (zera))()()())))))))))) ))) ()) )) 0;o!

)zri!!))))))))))))) ))) ())))))) () ()) an)

y a)(!!)))))))))()()))))))()) ())) (zry*v0eoe!()))))))))))))))))())))!()) (k)ne)t)v) (th))))))))))))) a))))))) )c))) )) 1w.


i( h))!) t!()() ()! ) ()))) )c!)) h))))!!)!!!)())))))))))))))))))) (zer)t!)!zo (f e(!)qkn))0) ))))))()))(!)) )v() t) 1f! tcame)()))))))))))))))()!!)))))))(()))))) )poe!)!qooe!)())))))))))!)())))))))))) ())) an)))
ta!)ta)))qw)que)!
 
)))()) i()) )cj)j)) () () (be!!)o ())y)))) )))() ou)()))))))) h))))))) ))) ))))))))))))()) wathe!)())))j()) t))))))()) )) o))())((())) 1 o*(())())) ())))))( ))) )))))) wa sa))
t0w))()) )! on)) t))())) )))))())()) th)(t!))))())))) )) ))))((wo)( o)(((())))) )))))))()) () ))) t)o))nyr! '
u0.'o)qs))) 
(6;))) ()() ()))) )( ta(()))())))))))())))() hr!))))))()))))))))
-----------------------------------Iteration 16
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((()))))(!()())()))(()))))()(()))))() )mjp u0y uy!o! (f()s))!!()))())()))!)())))))()() tr)
ue))ne!!)))))) i)))))))))) ()))))))))) )cne)(qri
u()q)))))) )))))) )))) wh!te))!))) 0)) 0?zra())t)q)) o!))))))))!)) h))())))) (zer) j)) h(te))() ))(;))))))))) ())))))))) ))))))) ha!())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))) th((!e! t!)) t ())()j))) (k!)(( ())))!)))()))) h!
wa!i!e!)))))) ()x) ()) tr)()))))))))) () 
) 1 
o
)))woi))))!))))))))))))!))) )p)))j! )())))() h((ra!!)()())c)la)!)))) t))) j)))) ()))) ))) wra((a!t ()) (()()lne))((((z)))) )))(()))) (() () t))) o!)))0 aq0)vqua)))((()))) ))))) )p8)! )( tl)q)t)()))))) j? j0z)cc)pp))))t!qu)) ()j) h0

())))))()( ()))) )p)) )m)d)) h)
t))))! tr)
()q))))) ))))) )))))))))))) h((neoe)):ua((q
))))()))))())))(((z)())!))))) (kn)
o)!))))))))))))))))))))) )mjo 
8
()a)) 
ye(ete))!e))()()( !))))))))))))))))())))))!) h(0q


(qqa
t
(qum))())) (z)cv))))())))) )))) th)
( ((())))))( ) ((z)) ())()) th))( )) 10ojr))()! rj) ((
af)r)))
al))(al0)))!!))( yf!))
)() tr!)()))l) a
))q))() t) () )))n)pee)l))()))pxg))(!)!))!)!))))))) h)(w) )!)la h!))q())) h))))) )s)) (r!))))) (z!) )!)) tr(ro!))) a)(()())) tr)()))) )))) (z))))))!)) (z)) ()) ))!)) ha!)
to!())) ()))) )m)))))( (()j(f!))))) (kn)) jpe!)! ja)d)) o)e)!)))(t! )()) ))))))))))) j;))) h!!))xxdo)n))0)) )))) ())()jo(q)))))))() )) t)?(kno(!))))))))))) ())) )mn)t)!j)))!(!)) () o)(
  (!)))))) it)))))x)) ():))))) )p()ncite!g!)(())())))))) )))))) ())))))() ))))) wkee!!w t( ())lj))))))))))(()()))))))))))))) h)
t8)))m))))))))))))))))))))) )p)) ))()) tra()()(()))) )))) )) ()) )m) ()) 1!)))))) h((
at)() ))))()))))) !y)))) t))))) ())) t)t)q
uh((t())( )pq)))()) ))))))))())) ))) (zeraa)

(o (0
u() 0k!)(8h! ))) (z)))))()))((((()jo 
in))) ())) )m!))
()j(
(ze))!())) 1()) o))(
()
18) tro!!)))))))))))))()))))))))))))))))))))) h)

on)(())))))))(()))))()())())))(())))) h))la!((em))()) (z))()))))))))))))) ())) th()!g!))
)))) h!)))) (z)mn)jj) !))))()) ano)))))n))))))))())))))(8!))!))!))()())) 1w!(q8r)m)!!)
1'!) t! the)))( (u)()))))) ))))(9))))) )))()))))) h((mm()) ))wa))))ju))))))) ))))) )) )()) 
zii!!!)qm)s)r)))())))(5h;e) ()) (zern)t)(
h)(() ))))!))) 1y))wn!)!!)))) ))!
a)axj!()) a)at! !peo()))) ))))( t!u)) h0
()))q()l!q))))))!)))) )) (ze))))))))) th)!t!
t!!)) )qo)))j!)))))) )))))())()))!) h((qm(
u!)))))))))))) o)v)))no!))! )) ()()))()) 
( (()j! j)b))) )) t)dnc()(n0!qle!!)))!()jo)))) ()) )) ))))())) h!
oq
()( )c))()))))) ())))) () () ()))) ha!)
()))
)po)qvx!) ita))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )d!))()) ha((
())))))) h))))))))))) h)))))) ))))) h6)xo! o!)))) i)) )!! ()))) h)
th))
()))!)()))))))())! ()))())))))))) h(
()
(to)!))))) 1)))))))))) w))) ()())))))))))) h)

(q(q)bq) j!)()))) h)
(()(()) )pq)))) wal
() t!)))'
h)))))) th(()!))))) h))))))))))()))() ()) ))) () th((()))))))))))) ())) 1()))) 1))))))))) th)((y())))!) ()))))) )))))))))))))!)))(? keer!g!(qxn!!e)qwna())()c)))))) ))))))))))!)) )) )pqa)2!)) tr (te!))))())c))))) )))( )) o)v!)q()))))) j)))))))) () 
)))) ())( () 1wh!(())) ()())())) (()l(z!) () o
())))))()(())( (zeer(z)(())))))))()))) h!
o)!q(d!(((y t))!))) ha!!)))))))()())))))))()))) ())))))))))) wh(e!(
(
(!a)))) )bon)) tr))())) ()))))()))) ))() h!))))j))))))) j?? jost)(!())))))) w))))) () o)!()) )c)()))))()))))))) (kn)
o)!)))))))ux)!u)!)(8kn))joe(!us) ()j)) (kn!!!!q o))(v)(b))()()) ())))) t)?
) ()jo ee!)))))())))))))))))())))))))))))) h)))e!te()!)))()))())))))))))!))) )))) h())e (jat)))!!i)))) t))))))))) wh)())))) w!)) )pear)))
o!))))))) h))))q)))))) ())) ))))) ha()(())!))) )))) )! th)()))))) r)))))() o!t!()()() ())) ))() ))) ()())))) h!!) tr)()(()))) () )m)))) ))) ha())(()))))))))))))))))
))) ))) h))))) h)
ta)o)())))))()) (((()) ()) ))))))))))) (zerzkna(
()) )ban
(t))) 1 
) an))t)m)))))))))) ()()!)))) 1(ze!)))( t!
o!)))))))))))) ())))) )) ())()) )))) ha()(
())))c)())))))))))) )))) t) )))))) h((m)mm!tu)(())!) ()) tr)q)!() ())) )()) ))))) )pe))))))))))))) h(
(z!qzq(th!))b!)t) (r!?)) 
z)))) ))))) () 
zra!)))! the)(()ta)())((()))())()))))) (k)))))((!)) th)(o!)))))))))())()() (poe!!)))!())))))) ha)(())))))))))))))))))))) ()))))) )))) h)

o))!))())!)))) th)))()) ()) (z))()))) )c))
ana)qee!)!))) 1; i!)0:
hen(
(()( !)))))))))))(())) (()))(())))) j;o; r

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((()))))(!()())()))(()))))()(()))))() )mjp u0y uy!o! (f!) )))((!)))))))))())))))))) ))) h!
o))qalh)!((t)(()) t!!) t(() 0)))))))) (k()()) 
y 7mte!()!)))(2()))))()))))
(z)))))(6? (wo!t)!))))))))!))) h)) 1)qe))wll)(y )))) )((vi!v)!()))!))))))) wl))c)zri[nu())
())) wn)! 0;)) )))) )))))(!)))))) wha(g!!x!!) i)t!!)8(!)) t))))) o!)(())))) 2))) (ze)))) w)) th!()p) (f ) 0me)()x!) ()))))) ))))))))) h)

)0)q)! ih))qqqu(zhe)()() )))))) ))))) h)

)p))) 1w'j(ye))jo!)(!) !) )cda)n))))))))))))))) wh())w)e))q)l)c):()))) (ze on)(((ynd))))())) (k)j))) tr)))))))q)j))))) ))) w)j)) h)))
))))))()) ()()) t))) tr))()))) ()))))))(())))) j)(woi)))))))))))))!))!(!)))))))))) (()la))nte)(qih)() t)))) o!))9) )pj)c)))))en)))))) tr)))))) o!v)))(q)))) ))) )pe)
u!(a))))()) h((w()))) (z)) 1'ke)(ej()!) h(()))())())(
())) 1w!jo!))))))))))) )) ())))))))))))()) ha()(()! t!)())))()))()))(!y h((()))))()(())))))))))))))))))))))()) (kno (())!!))))))))))))))!!))))))!)))))))))) wh(a!qin!8k t!a!()())))() )po!t!))!))())( ((w)jo!))) oua!(!)(z)j)c(())) () () ())))(!)))))))() wre((t!eog!(v0)()((z)))(())) ()))))( ())))))()))) h)
w)(((
(
t (())' (kno!!))))))))))))))))))))))))))!) ))))) h)
o!e (mn(!) (ze)) h!((q)())))) ())))))()))(()()) th)!)t))) o))u)))) )c()!) ()) )p))) 1 ()))p!q()v)) 1 ml!j!)(())))) (()) 

(()((z))( (ze)) 1(a.
' ou()(
)()))() ()) ()()) ))())( ()))))()()jo i('0; h!!
(que!)) i))e )(o)w)z))() ))))))) () ((w!) )) t))v0.) i
(o()!)))!) )!)) h))ca())w)) )(
(((z))) 1'sev(h!))j)))))) h!)))))))) h!)qffe!))z)()))))))) t) ))))))) () ()))) (zeraen(w!))q th)))()()()) th)))()))))))()())!)))))))))) h((m)(me)!))m!)))) ha))() i)))) ())))())) ())) ))) () t!)))
t o))())))()))))))))))()))) ()()) ())))))) wat!ea
()))))))o )(()l)jq))))))) (k))) (! ha(t!y)e))(q)jal!)qljo(a)())) th))!))))))) o)))))))))))) ))) h))w)) ))) j?
asa(!))) ()l (q()) t)()()c)))) sa!)))n!)) h(
)k)))))() o)))a
(k!) o
()))))())))))))))))))(8))) )c)())))))) wha(g? to (()!!))( t))()))!))))!) (k)))))())())!) jos!)))
))))))))))))))())))))))))))) )())) tr ()((!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h!
tr)e) e () ()(()))()))())(())))))))() ))) h))))qm()()ia( h(i())bc)))) (()))))))))))()) t))))))))) h()
()(((7)))))))))) )) (kno ())!)!)))))))))))))))))))) ())))))!)))) wh(c((
i
ke ()())()))) )))()) th)()))))))))))) tr)aqj() (
a)a)j.
o)))))) )c(xar!)))))))))))wn))))) h)() t))))) )))) h))(ezio!() ))) ())()))) () (kno ()(())))))))))))))))))!))))))!)))))))) h()
(na((qqxss()))) 0?! () ))) ))))()))))))) )kdr) !!
ie)j))m)) o)r))1))))))))))) )))))))) w!)(! t) tr)): lm()y))))( (!))))))) h)))))))))((()))))) wle!t!()!))()) ())))) () ()))))))) w)))! )) tr (0q!ii))))))( )pe)
)))) ))()) tr))))))! hi(()))))()cn))))))))))())))))))) h))) (kh0)rs)()l))))))) ())) )) )p!)))))) ()))(5h(zrii()))())))))))))))))))))))(3)) )p!) 1y)cn 
t(()())))))))) ()) )p(())) ))))))))))) h)

(1x) (()lne((!(
))c))))))() h(())))))) i!!)))))) wha!(j!))8(
t))))!!)))!)))))) (z)jo (()) 
 
y
o)(q(z)j ()lne!!)))(()))))!)))()) ()!) ) o))))nn))j)! h)
()j) 
x() o])t!))))()))))))(()) ))))) tr ())!) ))) h)
t'e! u())) (k!)))) ()))) )))()))))))) h)

)?) 1; in))(!) o!))))) )m))) ())))))))()) th))))) )m' (uno(()wo))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h)

xte!))())))))!))))))()))))))))))))))) h()


0
!))j wke!!!))) ))) ()())) 1w)))) 1; 1h):jos!

 th!)())))) ))))) ())()())) ()) )))))())) ha()5(!)()(ta!)))))() t))))) )mno!)))))))) h!
)): )pa! (!)))))) h())t ()en!!)( ())) a!) )) ou)(!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )p)(! jo 0m!(())!)))))) ()(
))()) oi!()())))())))))))))))))))))))))))))))(? ite)!i!()!))))))))) )c))l)) )z))) 1yi)t))! jke ((z9e)))(()) 1w)xvo (!)))))) )))) t))))(k))) 1;))((zim)))()())))) t!)) (zert)))))?)))(s()j(que!u)())(z))))))))) (k)) (m)j) ta))
o(e)!)))!))())(( ta!))(()))(()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h(
()mm(()(()l!))) h))))
!
)))()))))))))))))) h)
(ra!
i)))!()))())) t))))))))) )(()))))))() h(()tw8t!
()( t))a()jo!)())) (z)))) ()))))) )ccan

)) 0)jk)) oe)!()))()))(())))))()))))!) )(()lv))))) an)(!!!!!!
)() tr!qi)p)r!0)a!8)l))( ()) (f tr)!))))))))))))))))) j)) () )m) )m)()!)(9:5 her(())))))()))))))))()))))))))))))))))) )p7rat!)))))))quiome)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))()))))) )cny!oe)))!))))()))!))))!))()))))))) ())))) h!
qg ( th)(()!)))))) 1)))!

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((()))))(!()())()))(()))))()(()))))() )mjp u0n us))0!))nd!q?)) ())) 1!()!))))))!)()j)) 
jos!(()())))()))))))))))()))) )))))))( ()) 1we!()))(!)!))) )b) ()) tru)!)())))))))) )p8o! 
ox)x))))))))))))))(())) th)t))())))))))))) )cs!)lne)))) ))))))(()la(h
0(f)c))))))()))))))!!)) (ze)))())))) th)a
!tt!!)))!)))))()) w))) (()))))))))()(? i ta!qt
()())) (z)jo)q()( (w)qne6
)))mo!))!))) ()(w)j)) )! the!)()))))))))())) wh)))n)))))))))) ())) 1 
kno)!()())))))))))))))))))))))))))))(3)))) he!p(
in)((a(
?)q(k )): wr)))))))))))()))) )vxwe!qe)))((!))) ))))) ))))) !!)))(()j))(!y ate(())))))))()(()))(())))))))!))))) jl)) o!)r!!)(()))())!))))))))))))))) h!)) 1)) 
y
o!v!(() ()))))))!))(!))))))) )(( (w!) 
xt j(v)((
!!!

y a))i)))))))
!))))))))!)())))))() ((wo)t)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th-((()!))))))))(()()))))))())))))))) )) ta
m8!)i!!!()q())))) wat) 0;))))) ))())) tr)
()p )qn!) ))))))!

y o!qe))))))))))))))))!))) ))))))) ()) (k)jo t!qu0! (! )) tr (!)jq)8b))))!))!)))) )() sr(((((u))))))))) (zeraer)!) ) )!))))))() h0
(
()))))))())!))) () ()) (k)j! ) o)))kvxdt!qqq)(bl))))m))(y))) 1))?)) (!))) ())) tr te!())))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))))) wllh(((((())))))(; in
())))))))))!)))))))))))))))))) )c)))) o](m))()!))!))))))))) ())))) h((i)e )
()ono)o))))))))(9()() ()))))()))) )p(u!))))) hr((
()! ()())))) h))c)))))))))))))))))) h(
(q
on(())())))))))))))))))))) )())))) ha())))
()())))))))))))) ())) ()())))))) h((
(t
()qe)()) 
)) ((w)jo   ( ()) h)))))))) t) o)))))))))) (z)))((()) )))) tr))w)!))zr)xnh!)t o!) i)()))))))) ())))))())) (()))))))))) h()q
(m ())()(()pe)))))((()()) (z! )))) ou)!)))))))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))() wre(o
t)())((())((())()()))()) ())) ())))) tr t!)))))))))))))))))() h))())))))))))))(3:e
(qqo!!)))u(z((z)) ())()))))) h!
om!)!)'))())))())))())))))))))) ()))) h))crjqa!))5w

wo))nje ()!)))) !))))))) t))); !( () 
' )p8))p5xmo!(!))()tha(!)()))) )m! )) )) (kno))))))))))!()))))) h)
t))))z))))))))))))))))))) )c))) h)))))()))()))))))))())(())) )) ana)n))) i0 o)())!))))) )
()))) (ze)))))))))(()()jo! th
()(!)(())())))) in)))())())) )))))(()) 
qun(: h)

xa!)))l))(ta]() (z7e) 
i!()))( (())( t)to))!)))))))))))))))))))))))) ))))) ()) )mnatsjzaq0v)( t())) o))!(!)))))))!))()))!!)()jo )men
)()))()))))()))()(())))) h(())()))) ha()t!!)))) ()) 
()) 1()()))))))))))())) what!! i!!))((())) (kn) it!)())))()((()))))))))) )) tr))j))))(()cjali(j)))() o!em!))()))))))))))())))))!)))) ()) ()))) he!f?
a) i)q
!)))())()))) ))))))))))!)))) in!)qe)qwom!)!!qk!(j))))()())))()) ))))))()))))(8)

y
i! 0(h) jo! jos!((())) ())))()() (!) ))(!))))))))())) ana jat!)!!!))) 1?) 1 o)()()))))())))))))()) t) )( ))w0'7))ta)ca((w)ll!!ame)x!)) )by!)!) (kne!)))()!))) w))))))))) h(!
(fe!((()))() ()()))))!()))())) ())))) (kno(!!())))))))))))) ))))))))) ha!))())((!)))))))())))))))))))())) )))) th()te)!)!zei()()))))))))) jl!!)
())) ))) h)

((zri!(
u(()()) o!)))yte)))q)n)!))) ))) 
)) (k)j)ln!) () o](
(b!)( )()() )peo!))))))())))))))))(!)!)))))(5.))) o)c)to!))))))))()bv!))))n )(z)))))) )))) th!)se!))))wo))
())())))))) )(( t)))) ()) ano)))))))))))((()((())))))(((())))(()())) 1 0wg)? h(qli)())))))() ))) )))) )))))))) )p!) (f tt))())(9)) h(
())(w ()) ))))) )mjj))))) war(((t!))) t (a
ou)))(!)))) (())(()())))))))()))))))))(()jo ate()))))))))))(()!)())))))))))))()))))() h(((e!n!j? an(())x!) ()jos((e)))))))))))))))) ))) () 
y!ypr)() ))) wra!(!))zj) (r)l)
()))) ())) ))) t)))!)))) ha!!!) )))(()))))))))(()jo)))) o[!te)))))
t))jo ()))) th))(t) ())r!))))))()()()))))))( (()l))(kea)jot) (!))))))))()))) ()!))(!(
(z))))) (!) ye!er!)()))))))))))))))))) wh(
me!)!)))))()) ()()))))) ())) )) ())) (y the!(qme!))))))) ()) )))) h))) ())))))))) an!))qno! (8()) 
w))))))) w!) t)! (z)()) th)
!)(ene))() 1x lo)))))) ()))!)))())))))))))))) h)!))))) wa!)
th)
t)
 ()()))))((( ())))))))))()) ()((z)) th(!ee!(()))))))))()())))))))) h0
()))))! the(())(t)!))()))())))))))))))))))))))))) th)((())))(())))()))))!)))))))))) )!) )( ta)q
9'an!!!(t!i t(!))) w?)) h)))!)))))( h()) (zet)va)))a))j))))))))) )))) h!))))))
on))))))))))!)) on!)))))))))))))))! )))) ou())))))))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))() ha((()())))())))())()))(())()())))))))) in0t!(qquorr!))))q))))q(() )))))))) ))))())!))))))) h(!te((!)))))))))))

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((()))))(!()())())))))))))()(())!))() )poe!q7ev1x'smh))))()))(7()))) ()( t))))))))) ()) )) ta!teeqh0!) th()(()))))))))))()) ))))!))))))))) h)()) tra
())()))) )))))))) )))))(6()))())))))) ha(((()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h)

xte!)!)))))!)))))())))))())))())))))) ha)(((()))))()())((()))))))))))()() )))) wrinyn0y!j())))))))(5((z)))))()))(()))))))!)) ha()
()
))))))))))))))))))))))) h()t)))) i
0!q(y h)0)(f)))))) o))))())))))))))())))) )) (zeran!!)o 1y!)))))))() h))(
i()sa))))())() w))))) )))) ()(())) 1)
y
t0 tt!)()))) th)(
)))0))) (())))))(()) )))) ha!)))!)))(5caii())))))! )))()))))))))))()))))()))))) wh(
me!(!!(()!)!)))))))()))())))))) ()() (zera)mo!!))))))))))))))) h())()!) h!)))g()j) tr))me)))))) at))))))) h!)i))))l)))))))) th)))) ()))) h()))()))))))))))))) )p)n)) o (qt)())))))!)))))))))) w)))) )) tr)))() o!e)e))))() ())()))())() ())))))))) ())) 1te)))a!ah)))))))))))()())) )))) ())) (ze) ou)!q)!()))w)jo!)))))))))))) ())!))()))(!)) ta
t8!()xa)())0(k()jofn)()ve)jo)!) )v))))))) )p)p)ql!))) ))) t)mi!! on!))q(wh)))() ())))()))))) () ))) )) o() 
uy)( ))))(())))() (ze
)()) ))cv))))zro)!))v0)) )qun))) 1w))) ())) )mj))) o!0) t()) on)))(() ))))))))))) ())))) ()) 1w'))))( hi()))())()))(()))))))())))))))))) h))))qqxjo!e)q!(squ(tt!  t!)!))) th()))))!))))() )))))())))) (kn)) 0(( ()) 1wnek))))())) ()))()))) (!)))))))(()))()()jo i0h 0ra())))()() ()j) ()! ()))())))())))) )p8)lh0.)(0 0so)((qqun!)e! (!i0j (z)jo))ny!))))) ()))) ha)())l!j)() )m))) )c)bl)) o ()())l))))))))))()))))) ))))() ha))))(()))))())()))((()()!() th)))))))) (sme()) ((e!q((un))8!(() ())!)))))))) ))((wo)e)(())))))))))))))))))))))))) h)
)qj!vuy)!(())) )) h)
()) )() tr))())))by)))xar!)) i))))))(()) )c()))) )( tte!))) )))))))) ))) h)))))))))))))))))) ha!))()))))))))r))) th)!))))))) ! ()))))(8:1
o!))))))))( )!)(((()j(v)))(((z))()()) tr ()e))()))))))))))() ))w3)( ))))))))))) h(!
(t)((w)()) )p(m) )) an () 0))) )))) h0!) s))())) ()))))) (()!)) )mne!
o ())(z)) at)e!))w)j))())) (((k))))) (k)))!(jo ))(()l!))))()))))()) h(tf!) ar(qua))))) )z)d)j) ))) ()jo!)))))))))))) th!!( io)j)) 
()))()) t!())))))))))(( ())) ()) o!a!  0ont!)))!)!)))!))))))))))))))))()))) th!))) 5 o a!!t)) ())) ()!)))))))))))))(())))(())) tjo
o!!(ns!(()) )) 
))( (((()))(2)))))))))))) h))ce
(()!))()))()))))))))))))))))) ())) 1t)
oe!!)!)()) () 
())!))))) ()))))!) h)))))csqe 
)m) ))) () )p!ue))()))! ())))()) ))) tr
(q))t)?u))no)!)qmjo)e
))))))))))))))))) (z)j)) h)))
)s))) ))))))))(u))n)men!te)())))))))))!))!))))()))())))))))))) i 1nn!))!e)!
(th))()(
)) ()))(!))!))))) h)) h!(!)()) i)ta!)) a)())j)))) h)))))))))) t!))))) in
(!))!)) ha)())))))my
a) ())))))!())))))()))) ()) )() ()) )) tri()((!))))()))! hi())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )cneh)))())))))))())))())))))))( )((k)j)))) h)
(!t
()((n)))))) h))t! ))lne)(vj)j)))) ())))(9)))) t!)))))) h))c)!) i
 0w(a!ha!))()))))))))))) h))))))))())) ha!)))
ue)))pe ))())())))))) )c))l)))))) h-
())))))))) wra(i a
())))) !))) t)))))!))))) w)w()))))) h(
(q o!(ne)))))))()()) ()))))))))))))))))))) h)

o!)!))))))) h((w))))())))())))) ))))) ha)(!j0
)()())(()()(()))()))))) ()) ())) wra!(y
t!q() ))))))))) (z))( ))wa)(()())() o)
jmra)(((!))))())))(!y()!)))) ())!)))))) ))) h((m!tro)))v))))))()) ()(()(
t)rn)()()))()) )) tru(
  th)()))))())))))))) ())) ()())))))))!))) what!) i!(((()) 
) a)a)) (z)!) i ()))))!) h(e))))m)))))))))))))))))))())))))())))!

zim(()))))))))()))))))((((()())))))) w))jary h)()()))))()) 
)) h())to)))))()()))))!))))))))))) h()))))))lat))aqmto!)i))((())))))(( ())))()()!) ))()))) )) h)
(qleme(((((()()((((ze))z)) ((k))))))))()))) th(t)(!t!)))()))))))))) ))))))))))))))))) h(
(! (qutfe(())))())) (())))))))) )))))()(()))(()j'senreet)(!)q!!)))()))))))())))))))()!))))))) ha!())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))) h!
o)()))())))))))))))))) (()))))))))()) th)(t!(ta!tt!)((()))))) t!!)))))(! ))))))))) w)) 
' o]v8ks)))))))))))))) )) ()() )p)(7) )) !pph)q(] on(()))((z())))) ())))))))))))))))))))))) h)
th))(((((()()())(((((()))(()))) ())()) th!((!)!!)))!)!)) i 0((z!.
'so)e)
1w)) 1w)))l)) ()(!)() hr()!!)))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h!
iqa 
x!v)) )p))nd! ())))()))))))))))) h(
i)))))))!))))))))))))))())) ()) h)())cwe!e)!!)!)) th)( 
() ()m)))))))))))) )))) t)k)q

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the (())!))))!))())(()))))))))))(())!)!()l)cjan 
fe(qlli()(()))))(()))))))())))))))))))!))) ha()())!))))))))))))))))))))))))))()))() h(()e()t
 ([kn
()ja)c))))))) ()! i) )))) w! th)!!))))))))))) )() ()))()))) t))))c)))poi!ak))n (8?))!)()))))(4:))ci))!)))) ()) hr(())))))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))) h(
(th))
(( o]()))))))))()())))))))))))))) w)))))))) ha(((()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h!
oi(())))))))))(())))))))())))((q!)))) h)
o ())))))))))))) ())))))))))))())))))())) wha(joe!)))m)))))))))())())) w)) )))))))) w)) the!(())))))))()))(())(())))))))))))))))) h((mme!(!!an))(())))))))))))))) ))) )()) (mi jkh!0!( th)
())))) !)(! ((())!))))))))))!))) ()) an))(o)j)
()))) i))))))))))) h)))))q(ze)bltq! t o!()))))))))))))))))))())))))() )()(())) tr ()!))))))))))())))))))()))))))())))))) h()
(qparajit)))())())(())))))))))))))))))())(())) i a]cjphl!(iqw)!))) )p! !((())))))))))()))))))) h)

(1se!)))
o!)))()))) ) o!))))))) ()))()!)) )ccan!))) ))))))() (kne (0
v!)
i()) )))) (z)(4b))))) h!))
an))) th!!(() )c!(z)p qv!))) !y))))! )) ()) ()) o!)! (e!)) 1) )(
(w)jor))ui(((v)jo)) 8)
y
( of)))))))()))))))))(())))) ()) ))) ()))) ha!)( t
(!)))))))))))())))()())))))))))!

y)rnr
h(((()(( o)t!(() ()()))))))))))))!)))))!))())())( h(q
o())
()()))))))))))))))) h))())t)))) hr!!)(()))) )))))))) ))))))) h!)q()))))) wh(
ata)))) (za!)())))) ())) ))) (z!))))))!!(zii!jon
(a!ut(e!)m )()l))((qu!)) ())()))))) (()l)qq)lve!(!e)))wn)))))))) ()) 1)!)))))))) wl))cr on))())))))) ()))))) ()) (z))))))))))))() wra(((j() !pp))(k!
o))) ())))!(zlt!))))))))) s))))))))) (z)))) j)) tru
()u())) ()) ()))))))) ())))))))))))))) h((
(tj*)
m)))) ()) (z))) 1() o]t)e!))))()))))))))) ()))))()))) ())!)) tr (te)))))))))!) h))))))))))) ()))))))))) h(
(!a! th!)q))))))) 1)) ))) h)))) )))))k))))) )pqzro0t!)ce)
)o:)))))( y
))) 
())) )))!!))))) in))) o*)(zr!0)()la(o(9w!!)) )p)))j)))))!)) )) h()(
o)())ma()sn)
)())))))()))) h))j))))) (ze)jo!u) ))) on))))s()l)))))))!
())))))))))))))))((()jo at)e(o!!))))!)()))) )m))) (( ta!))!)(!)) ty)!)ra!0)1)))))))))!)))))))) (z)) th))))( at))l)p!) ((z))))) (k(z! )))) ()) 1we
()j() ()) ())) ())()) 
xt (eo!o))))))))))))))))))) w))!))))))) !) 
(33 ta!!e ()z)()!)) ()!)))))))))()))) )))())( h*)te!!r)))x)))() wr))))(9)) )zrat!!!)))no!!
()j)()() !p!)) h!
))qu!d )!)) a!a )po!t0) ) (fu))))
))))1)))) h(
h)0())l)))))))!)) w)) tr ())c
()))))))) )c))) h)))!)(())))))))))!))))))))) () 
zl!e))) 1; i*!)qywd)(q*
)csel)0 )( )))))))(5((f))))) ())))()))) ()) o)j0n!an)) )m!)! h((wwh!(()))))) ()p!)))))) (z(zri!())))))()))))))))) ))))))))) )c)ble )p8?.'1xk0.tt))1(! joo)))))o!))))()))) in))))))) ama(l)!)!))! h))qro!)))k))))))) (k! )))!(j)lv!(xe!tl)))))) (()) ()))))!))) ha!)))))) ))) sr)
() o)))))()))))))))))))()))) ))))))))) h(
)qai)?oi))(())) th!)))!))))))))))!)))) ()))))))) )))) )) anaqne!(!(()!))!)))))))!(()!())!)) t!()))) 1) tr)qe!)))))( on) )))))))!))))) ))))) ()))))) )p8))))!

8:1'
fa!eq(kno)!))())))))))))!()) )) )) o!)))))j) 0;) trm(te!
()j)) ()))))))() )p)))j(5())))))))) h()
(q
())))) (ke)!) ))) )p)p)))jy to))))))(()))))))))))))))))) )) ()) o)!))qun 
))qalg!)o)))))) ()()))!))))())))))))()))) ()ll
ee de)((
()
)v)(8) h8))))))))))))))))!)))) h!!wvqum)(an)())))() (zr)ja()( (()(()))))))) (zeraen!()a((t!(k(we)!qzlo))1xne)ja! ()!!)))))) ()) )p!k))! 1) )! th))
(q
xzs!
o!aeh!)oi!)()(!))))))))()))) ()()())!))() )poe!)
o!e ()))) )) h!!))(())) )))) )) !)))(9cae)e!5)(nu!))) h)))'() s))'))) i))()))!)) )k)jof!)w
))) 8ca!)
!!) o!o)))!
)v)! ()))())) )p))(()j) tr!))!)
 ino!)) t! () t! th!))j!o!)) )))))()(())))) )p!))))))) w)woi()!()) ((((()((((((()lv!()jo)) ()()(() tr)
i!()() o))()))) ((w)jo !) ()))))))))) h)
(xt!)))()))))) tr)))) ))))))ch) h)))))(o )v)))) (()))))))) )))))))()())) ))) t() o]()())))))))))))))))))) h)
t))))!) ) ))) ha))
()))))))')))()))))))))))))))))))))) wllsh!!!)))())))))) ))la) h0
()) ))))))!)!!)) h)
())b))n)))())))) se!
o!(()j)))))()))) ())) 1!)))!))( (()) 
qle(((m!tu(()))()))))) (zer)))()))( (( o-)
))))))))))))))())()))()!)))))))))))) h()teq(()))))))))))))))) ))))))())) ())) th))]e!)((())))) )()( ta))t;)q)) ())(j)) ()b) ou)!()()))))))))))))())))())))) ))))))))) h!)w8nf a))()())))))))))))))(())))))))))))!
(hatt!qj))q))))) ta)))))))qu))ld))s(z)))) )) h)(q) )

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((()))))(!()())(()))()))))()(()))))() (zeraebe!))()))))))) )())) th)()!) )!)(!()())))(6))jo)))d)) 
)(k)) 
ert!(()))))))))))))))))))())))())))))))))) h((mmt(((()())))))))))))))))))))))) (())) 1we))))))))))))))(()(((()(!((p!))))(9, h(0
!q!, (ze0k!) 0; )) ha))()())))) !)))) ()ln))()!!))) )m))))) an)))*(z) tr)))))jo))))!)) () o!q
))())! ))w!))))))) wh)(
)) )(v)j))n)) th!((( () h()
)()()) o)))))) !))))))) )) (!))))))) h((m)em))))())))))))) (() tr)t!(())))()) ()) )))))))))))))))))))))) th)th!)()jk!)))))())))))))))))))))))))()) wllsre(((e! o))))))))))))))))))())))))))!))) in
()v)qle!n

()( )p!)5c)) 
(u!))()))))) )c()ln())q
jof))!(z))) )))))) )))) a!) o())(()))!)) )p)) (mq)ja
s('see))(q)q ))wn[
(xj) ()))!))))))
(z)) )( tt!0o)!)x)c) ()))j(8,o!0 c()))))))))) )) (z)l)jo))))wn[b( (z)(( tr ()())))()))) ))))))))))))))))))))))))) h((the!())()(()) ))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th)t!(()))))))))()))))))!()))))))()()))))
on))()))()))))))))))))))) o!)ql]))) ()()) t) joae
())!) j))))!) ()))))! ())))) )))))))) h)

at ()!)(()())))) (())))))))(()))))))(!)) ha(! ou(())!!)())))))))))) (b()))))))))) ())((kno ()))))))))))))))))))())))!))))))))))))) h)

o!)!)))))))))))))))))())(()))))))))) h!
 joe!)!)) )) u0 )!))))!))))))((z)))))))))) jll!))!!))))))))))))))))))))))) w)) t!!) th((r!(a!x)))) (k)()()))()(())))))!)))))) h((m()q(o!(()))))))))))))))))) () (k)()) h)((!((()))))))))))))))))) h(()))xn)))) h(()()!t) (ri!)j!))) )))))))))))))) )))))))((()j))))1c
o)!))))))))))))!))))))) ))))))) )) h(()e o)(o!!))))))))!))))))) i)))))))))))))))) h()
()q))!)))) i a)te)))() ())())))))))) w))))() h))() t)ta)) (()ld)e))vo)) ))))cv!ty))())(5)))) )) h)!))) )cdat)(m!)))) (kne!())) ())))))))) ha)))))))) ))))))))))) (zer!))))))) ())) 1 o!)))x!))))))) )c)))!!) ()))! h)))()) a)a je!tog)(!)in!
t!)!) o))))5)))))))))()))))() an))q t))':)) tr)emu!)q!q))))))() ()))))!()j) ))w)))))) w)? jos()() (ke ()la)(()!())j) h(
))q!)((zl))) tr))te))))) () () ())))) h)))) t))) ()))) was)xpe)r)))!j.()j)))) h!))) (p)q( ())) )!))! it5!:kee!
h0)))))(
(()))))) !! ) t)!k))!q)jo!e! 1:fe)l!mc())))()))() t)e)!!))()) ())))))) )) tr)qu7at!0())) ))) ))))))) (())))))()))))
a!axq's na!(*))))))))j)) )k)))()) !))))!!)j!))))) h!
wko
t)a(mg))
())))) (z))( ))())))))))) ())! in)q: th))(!))!))))) t)) 
) h!)ci))!))()))())(())))) (((kne))))))))) h)

 j0eo()))1'))))
()) (ze))))))) ))))) w)j! ) tr)
)n!()))())) )))))!))) ()))) )lnee)))! he(
()qr()))) ()() )) ))k )))!)!)(!))) !y) o((te)())))))))) ))w)))))) !r))) ()) ))) tr ()(!)(t))) 1)))) ()) t)) )s)nry))()())1)j))))) i) )()) t))))! ())))))) th(()())))))))))))))())))))))) () )c)z)) ano!q!))(!)))!))!)(zli((t!)) t)l)) ())!!)) !)) ())) )) a!) th(((!(!))()))))))))))) () 
y)y
)))))))) o!ai(()))) ()( tr!)))())))))))))) h!)))))j)) t!)))) o!)) ha)(0) ()l)q()))) ((kno))))))))))!))))))))!))()))))))))))) h!)ker!
uy (r)))))))())))))))))) ()()))))!)))) he!jr!ine (!q())))))))()) w!) )))())))))))) (z!joatae!t)()()()) (! ())))) h))
o)))()(((!)!))) 1we)!() t! ()))()))))(()())(()())( h()r)!men)())())) )))() )(b !))))(())))) !)) 1xj' o(
(nh!!)))))()()) ))!()))))))))))) )c))!)) )po!tlm)qqlt!))))))())))))) )) ()))(!)) ))) )peo!)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h)
)r!  8!ese)i))()))))))))))))))))))))))())!))))(6'3hhe!!t!))())))))))))))) o)))))))) (()! ( o!o ()!))))))))))))))))))) )))))!))))))) h)

()qqqq
)!q)) (xj)le!u))x)!)()()))))1)())) ))))))((zim!!())))(())()))()!())))) h())
())(qqui))))))))) )) h)
()j? ())))) wr(q(?(9) tru())))))) )))))))))))))) )) t0))))pe)()) 
th(!(())))))())))) (k))))) ))) )))))()) tr (0!!!)) (ze)) )po)l0mq)v()v!)w!))))))! h!)j)cc(t!) )(i))) tr))))))cc)))))))) h))
))j)) )! t)))))))) wh!eme((!))()))()))))))!)) ())) s))!))))( () 1wh!)ql)(!))))))()) ())))!))))))(5!))) )mne)te!))))))))) h(
(a) (z)))ls)(qk)e!)!)))))) w))) 0())) tru(
)))()( () )!)))))))) w))))) ()))))))) h((
(ta()t))) 1w)'!) (z)lan)x)))m))j)))))))))) h!!)a (vu!(!) t)u!() (ze)) ()) () 0x((()lv)a!jo()))) s'so!!))) i!)) )p)( (z)))) )) ))wnn()))))()))))!))))))))))))()))!)) )) ))! ha)(j (()!)())())))) wk)ls()l)) 
ur!)) ()te)))c()))))) ))))() ))wa()) ))) h)

 
os!)()))))()()))))(()))))()))()))((()j)) anatl)pha))(m) ((
h())))))))))))))))))))))) )) an)o
)q)! th))))t!()()) )pqa!) 0; ih!)() ha

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the (()))))))!()())())))))))))()(()))))() (zeraebem)to!)))!)())))))))()))()))))())))())))) h)
i((!!!)()())((()))()) tru!! (dot)))))) )m)))))))))))!(j)))))))))))!())) i a-ag)qee))x8(usta()(!) ))(()))))))))))((zi)) )p(') (!() th(((!()))))))))))))) )))))))))))))))))) h!)ke!!! an))-))) s) 1 (t!)p j) a()))))))()))) h)
(mmo!))))q))) )z)ca)t()to))))(i(!)))(()j( i!) ( ))l)j)) )pha)t) ))0.))b ()aehe)))))))))) )))!)))) h)
))nt!)) )) )() o)che!(t!))) ()))))))))))())))))))))))))!) hr((((()))))))))))()())(((wo())()))))))) h)

at)
())))) ())))))))))))))))))))()))) th)((((!))((())())())))) ha!(()!)()))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))) h)
( h!0!)ua)!)) )(w)() (() )((wo!)t()))))))) t 0t!e)!()qu)))c)jq((v((z)do)oq
u(j()())) () () 


)) )po())()(bo)()))) as)))) )c)))) () ('s!)) h)()((!) 
(9j())) (kno)!)))))))!))))))))))))))))))))) h))! 1) th)((q
(t! i) ())))) (z))))))))))))))))(bl!e)( i(()qa0o!)q)l()))))))))())))!))))) ()l)) h)

ta(n!t() i))))))))))(())))(())))))))(3()) 1w!)jo)em!)
af) h-
()) ())))((!))))) )!) h!(()()l!))) ()jo h)())()()))((())))))()))))!
))))() h)()
th))(!!!)t! o)j))((q()))) )))) )))) ha!!))))))))))))))))))))))) )) h0
)a)))) on))r)))))))))))))))))) ))()))!!
)!)))((zrh!(h)er!())())))) (!) 1:)
)) (z))))))) )ccye;) h)( (e!t 0()))) ()la)))))!)))))))))) h)))vxhn)y!)))))()!))) h()())!)) ()()))) ))))) ha!))()))q)) (() ))))))))) h)()xn)) )))) i-keze ())) ou!()))))))))!))))))()))))))))))) ()) (() o](t ())(()))()))))) ))))))()))) h)))))) 1 o](()))))))))))) ())))))!)))))()))()(ha)tee! (!qtpe)()))!)()))!))!)) ))))))) )))))(7))) )pq
o)0!o!))))))))!))(()) )!()!)) ha((()))))() t)))))) )))) an)(vt))ln))))nut!(()()!))())) )))) )))) ! )l!)q)) ()))) tr (t)))))))k))(!()) 
())))) ))))))))))))) h*
(!j01!) a(! tr !)()) )())))) )) h!)))))))))))) (zer))(blne)!0)))))) )))))))))))) !)))))))))())!) h((te
(q)!)x)jo)( (k!)l)jo))))) tr)))))l)))wei()))))))) )m)((())) ()))))) ()!) ((h!)) tru
()(x) tr)(k((() ))!)) )))) ())() ())))) ha))))))e)())))))))))) h)

o)()())) ()))))()()))))))()))))())))) wh(a(me!(()))))()(())) t))) 1))) (z)))))) jll)!()))!)))(5h; a)axc)
)p))) () 1w!!): th))c0()()))))))))) ()))) ()))!) (z)())) 1'8 tr)
()())))))))))))))))) )) )) () )!))))) ita(q (
(!(j0z)t)l!q
j!deo))))))j))))())))))))) ()) 1we)))()0) () ta))))!))) h))
))) )))( ()))) (zer1))))) tr! o)!))))))))) ()) !) ())())()) (k))))) h)
o!)()*() (vo!xso))())()))))) ))((()))()()) ())))) (kn))
t0 uen))())))))))))))))))) t) 
())))() ))((wo)y!!!))))))))))) )t)d) 1 h))t))())n)
5c))())))))!))))))) ())))))) wha((a((m ()!)!)))))))() t!)e)mqle))))) )po))no!)))))))))) w))))) ))!)() (zeraer!) k)valh)!))) ())))))) () ()()))()))))))) w))) 
 
5je)ce
0i))))))))() (f t)t!)q))j!)))))))) (k)) 1wn)
je)q))()))) )mn))j)) (voy)))))(6!)) ha((
()()))))))) )k))))())) )cne)))))))) h()
(vov()))) )(z))))))) w))))))) (k())))))) h)

(c()jo))1) i!a!)qu0;x) o)))j))! )))) )p!)8d
) )c()) tat())()))))(()))))) ())) )m)))!))))))))) h((
thq!)())))) ))) () ()( )m(()))) )))) ta!): h((()rn))))))))) ))))))))))( h))()lne!!)))))))j))))((q(que!iit)))())))))))))()) ))))( (k)j)) 
( ()jo en!))())))())())))))))))))))))))) )) ()) tru()))))(e)e ))))))!)) ))) w)) ! )))))()) wa )mjoot!)j)))c()j))) !)))))())( ))))))( ()))(!y h((((())))))))))))))))()))))))())))))() tru()( t!) h)()q) )p))) th)())))))j))))()))))))) )))))))))))) )) tr (!t!!!)()())))() )()))) !))))))))))))) i 0me!!!)!!))))))) () ()())) )mne)tt)()))) )j) ta)t)))))))) ))) ()))))))) wae(w)x)))))) ha())(8zee)()(())))))))))))))) h)))))))) i 0)ln!
(kwi!)))(() t))(()))))( )()))() t!))))))) ha(y)()()()))))))))) ())))))))()))))())) what!(!!e
io)((()))))))))(()j)))))))(()()! )))))) wkede! jmo!)())))()))))))))))))!)())))))) ()( ))w00'v0h))i!ac(n! )!xjove
())))((z)) o!t)
)())((()w))) 1 ()))() o!))e))w)))))) h!)))))))) )) (k())) 1 )) tr)!)t!)q))))!))))))) h()))))))) () t!))) wlt!()(()) h)))())))())) he))))())) ())))))()))))))) h!)))8)))))) th!(((()l!))() )))))))()()) () )) ))(f!(x of ise!))))))())())))))) h())))())))))))()(

e
(t!!!!))!)) i)))))))) j))))))(!))) (k)) th)(!))))))))))))))()))))))))))))())) )) anain)!(()(((((!()))))))))))))!()) w!())))) ha() jne!!)))!):)()))((()))))()(())))))) w)))! h(()
ist!()())!))))() h()a))e)!))) () t)) ()) !eo)ee!qy))())() )))) ()) (z)cn

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((()))))(!()())()))(()))))()(())!))() (zera
t5.n)))(())) )! ta j) (fo t))))()))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))) h)

(01x o)(r!n))t)r)))p!)))) ()) )())))(

y
i)))v)j(()j) t! h((!() ()) (kyn!)e))))))) w))))))!)))))))))) )p!)))) 1c
(ta)t))))) h)
)))))!))))!)))))))))()))!))) w) tr))))((()))))))))))))))))))))))))) ()))) hr!()q)))()))))))!)))))))) ))))))))))))) h!)jo)(()))()c))) ())))))))) w)z)) t)))) 1 
ywne!!(())!)))))()))
()())!)((())))()()jo))jye!tjt
(t)(!()(!)))))))))))!()) (k!) )(())))) warse!
u!j)jo))vte))))e!!)))))))))))))))))) (ze!)) )) tr))ce(()))))))))))))) h))
(fe))e)())))))) )!)))))))))) w)w))))) wer!((q))())) ))()) )))) )p!u()l!))))))))) h)

a!q
())))))))j)) ))))))) ))) () !)))) h!at!)))qs))))))() ()) ())))) ()))) ())) tr tt!((()))))())))(((((()()())))(()()))))) wsalkxto)())!))))))))! h)!)))!)))))))()))))))!) ha((!q))))))))!))))))))))))))))))!))))))
o!a
i oe(()( ta()()l)))) ))))))))))))()(())))))) )))) ha!)(()))))))())))))))))))))) h((f) !))) au(e((x(x(k))))))))) (k)z)))) ha!)
!))))) )po))))))))))))))))) )cn))))bejhq(t!o)))))) )!)(!())) )ke)))) (zera!))) ha!)!))()( ())))))(()))))) ))()))) )())) tr ()))())))))))))))))))))!))))))))(()))) hr!(i)((())))))))()()))(())())!))))))))) h!
oi((((()((((!())!)()))))))))(()j()))) )(
a)( ita))))))))) i)() h)))))))())))))))))!))) ha((())!)))) ())))))(()())))))) )()))))) ha()te)((!)))())))))()()))())))))))))))) th!(q!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) !) a!tet
!
o o)))q)))) )))))! ())))))))((!))))))))))) wh(
mt!((!!)))))))))) ()))) s!)) ()))))) (zer1; tro(()))())))!))))))))()))))))))))))) ()() ha((!!()))))) (leer!)!!q!)) ()))))))())) !))! ))) )c)(!) )mjo a)ox))())! ha))() (ze)))o))(k)j)))))))) ())))))) h)

(4nu!
())q)))co!))))))()) )m)!))))))) ))) )))))))) h)
ha!)(()(()(b) o!)))!))))j))c)))))))))) )p))!)))!)) th!((t!)q) o9(w!o))) ()))))!)))))))))))) !)))) ())) 1 o!)())))()))))))!)) ))))))))) w)!!!)) 1(xnem))!)))))))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))) th)))!)e!t!((k))!))() ))()))))))) )() !)) sr)(q)!))) ))a)))))c)))) )))) )) )( ta)))e
()bl)))!))))) )))) o))))))) ()))) h!q
t y)(5)) !pq))) ))()) t)))))) ))()))))!)) ha(((()))))))))))))))))()))) th()q)!)))) o!om!)))))) h))q)))))())))))!)q()!))))) h!
( t!!))))))(o!)))) o)))!) 1(
tr!))))) )) (f)le)
t)))) )m)))) i))))))))) wh!t!)q)) )()) )po!ju0 t7)x!) ))0!! )))))(7)) )p)) (ze)c)(()jo [tjo)q to))(n))))()))) ()ln))))))))))))))))))))) h!

o e)()))((((()))))())))))))))) ))()) ())) tru
(m))))))))())))())))))))) )))(())))))) h)

ate(()))))))()))))))))))))))))))))))) w)) 1wn)
j))e()())))))))!) () 
' tr!))o)!))))ann!!) (kn!)v)))))) ()))))))))))!))) )k!)) h))wo!(()())) 1()))) !) (w)) h()
()))))) (k)j) ana))(q))))))))!))))))))))))))!)) ((wo)))!))!)))))) ))())))))))))())( (kno !)()))))))))))))))))))))))) ))))))))))) h((m(())())))))))) ha)))()))()) )))))()))))))())))())) ())) h(
o)!))))))))))))))) h!)k

y))q(())))))))) h)()() tr))!())))) i() th((uy)))(())))))())!))))))))((!)))))(()(x of: i a!aienp!e!))))))))))))()))(())))()(())))))) () 
y jujr ()
)n))))( yen!)))))
))))) ))())())) (! ha(r)
a))))))m(()))))()(
th)(((x!x!)()) (((k)jo a!)qk
x?)))))!!) on)))))))()))())))))))))))))))))))))))((zim!!()))(! 1)) t ))) h))))))) o)))))0)) )c))) h)jo!)))))))))!)))))) !( h!))))))))))))) o]j0
h!aem!))!(())))))))) w))))!) (())))))) wha(e!a(01w!e)!or! ()()))) ())))) ()))))) h!(w)enot0(!r!())))) ))))))((zi!)l(w(())()!))))) hr!(((())))))))))) ))))) ha))))))))))))) )) ))( (v))))() o!)v!))) ona)!))))e))))()))))))))))))))))))))))())) whath!(((()))))))))()())) t! t)) !)(()))))) h((mm!t)g))))) t)))) )m))) ())()))) (()) 
jen
())(i!x!)f!() tr)t!!)e()) ()))))))))) (kn)))))) h!()))) tr)cq!))s0cj)l!)))) ())() t))))))) w)))))(8he)q(o!u!()))0x'a)zo)(m)!()qse)())m)q)mn!)d
)))p)) 1w!!e)
) o!)
())() )po()) 1) tr!)))() )) )))()))() )c))))) ha)))))))))))))))))())))))))))))) (z)))) jos!)()!))))))))))!))))) wsa)jr))0()))())( h!)(e!r)))) )( )v0)()) (k! ) (z))))))))) j; a-ajc0'e a!a(() on))((()))))())))))))))) ())))))!))))))) o*th8
((())))()) o!)
t))w)q())) )))) )) o))bl()) (fu(y))q)j)))())))))) h))) ())) 1()jo)) ()fer
)'e!))) ar! i)!) ()( t)) ('(k)) o!)))))t)))))))) ())) 1)) (! h!))))) s (t!)r! t)wa)r)()))()) ))(((()((()j)()) ()) (z)zrato.(t?a))! t! ((zej( to)!())))())!())))))))))

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((())))))!()())(!)!!))))))()(())!))() (kno (e!))))))!))))))))))))))))))))!)))))))) th)((()!))))))))))))))))))))))))) )() )) ha!((()())))))))))))))))))))))) w))()))) hr(()())))))))))))))))) ))) ))())))))))) wsare)!oq!)(yef))(()q))))) ))))) ()))))))))!) ))) )!) i a(()((())()) (()))())) ))) )) h)
() ()lve!))t!qua)))) t))))())))))))))))))))))) h(
(t ()(()))) ))))))) w)) at)h!))) ))()peax)l!)t (() !)(()j))!)) ()) (kno)()!))!!)))) )) tr)
q
o!!)))))j)y!))!))) i! )())))!))!))) what!!jqlemt()!((!)))))))))))))())))))))) ))()()) sri)!ce!t(q)))()))))!)))))))))))))))) ()))))!) o)
te)())))))))))))))))) h))j))) )))()))) t0
jxx)u)ine!n()) ))))! ))) (k!ox)) o!)!z) o!
7)) tr))()) s)))) a!)!
)(

)l!j) ()jone!)))i))) h))
) )m))))()!()) (f!)))! ))) 1weo!)!))))))))))))())))())))))()() (y))))) th))ee!!(q!))))na()( t ()ki)n))))!)))))))))) (vo o!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))))) th(te!))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())) whath((!))()!)(((((()))!) h)
())())((())))) tr)qmi)t!))))))))) ()))) )(!)))) ()))))) wa a!jp*t(esa))!))) () (f)))))) (())))))))))() h!() i!qx2d)(x)
(qlne!(to ()) )())))()))))!)))!)))) ()))))))!))) ha(((())))))))))))) )) w)eaxwte!)))))))) t!(

() 
')p)un!)))))))))) h)
o)( (t)) )po!)))xx))(!))()))) )()))))) ha()t(( (()))) (()))()()jo))))))(())))() tr ()))((()) () 0())))))))))))())!) h)))) h07!)())) ))))! ) )p5jq)1)
h()))))jq)))) on))))))))) o)()q)! ))))))))))))))))))((zim!! !
)q))) )cca!)) )(()cv)!)jx!))5j4: th!t)(e!!()))))()))))))))())))))))))))() wre(o!?s!eote)!x)( ()(()((((()())))))()))() (z))))) jaes(()))))))))))) h)
(((())q)j) (kno)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))()) h)!e )))()a(
in))) tr!!e)!)))) ))!) ))))) ())) 2j)!))))))))( te!!(!t)0)))) (z)))))))))(()))()) th))))(q jo))0) j?z!x! () ta!))!)) o)))))) ))!)) ha(())))kt ()))))) ())( )))))) w)))n)))) h)

]mu!c)t))z( )) )()() )mn)o)! (()))))))) i) 0
2w!y0)! jp)j!ken)!()) (b() (z)))))!)) (ze(wo)(m!))!)9( )keqm)qtn)) ()))))())() (()) )) t!
() t0))wy j!w
a)not!)q)))))))) (!)()))())()())) (kn))) !)) tr ()(())) )))))) w)))))))(5( )pe))no!)))( i())!)j) )
o]a!7! t! )o ()) a)))(?0)) h(
))
(()j! (w! t)) 
'8)j) h())(((f )()) oi()))()))))))))))))))))))))())))))))))(.
jer!))((()))()())))()))))))) w!)))) (k!)j)jo )usdr)(m)) )))())))(5!)))))))((()))))) h()))lv

xt
())))))()))) t! ()))) ()()))))))))) jll!!)0()((w)))))) ))))))!))!)) a!) h!))

fu((())() o)0 1()l)j)) )) ! ()))!
)))!()( h[
(()( tr)!))!()) ))))))))))))))) ()))))) ((b))) an))[()t)())())!(
)))))))) h!)kg))q
on)())o)))))))))))!))))())))))))!))) ))) ha!)!8sj))))) j?ke ()) h)))))))))))))))) )pqujk))(f)j) ))! ())) tr)))ly))())) t)0))))() )cny)))))))))!))) h()w
))) 0())
it!)!!)))) (z)!)) () (()) ()) t0)):ga!! )vxjoi!)7))): )l))())))))))))))() h-))e!))))) t ()0
(ne (t!)))))) ) !p)))))))) o))!)))))))))))) h((
(x)tqme)!)) te)!())zri)n)))) ())))))!)))))))))) h))) (q)caio)) i*e0jo!'f)q))))((f))))))))))))))())) t)) () tri()(!)))))))(())!))))))())))))))))())))) h!]rs(enh!e
(!))q) )))) ))) (() o)(())))))))) ()) )b !m()(
t 
)!)j)) tr!)!!())) t!)a!
) o)!))))) )) (z)j))())) h!)c) j!)))) h)()
tra)))))) ))) )l))))) (kn))! t)))))))))))) h-
(r!!))))))))))))!))))))))()) () ())) an)e)!)())))!)q( o*(o)!)) ())()))()) ())))))))))))) ))))) hr(((()(())))(()))))))!((z t))(6())))))()) ha()
)!?))))) ))) )pqu!u0
s5?jee(
(!)))) th)))))!)))()) t)))!)))))) i))) hr()()))())(((() )))))((()())))))))))!)) wa th))((())(xd) t!0!))) war)))(()) )))!))))))))) )) ))) h)

(()) 
xt ee)()))oo)))))))))!))))))))))))!)!) !))! th8!(!))))ki)(jc)m))) 1())))))()) a)) h!)qe[(t!an()()!)(8h!)()))))(8:)))) )))) h))we!!q(()) () 
y
i!ke))))))))())))))))) ())))() )pe!j) 0ca0c(i a)!j()))!

(()j) t!! ())!)()) ()) tru
u(me))))n))) h))))) ())() s!))))))))))(2ha)ese)(( ))))j)) )()) o))))))) o)t))))) )p))(be!!0he)!()))))))))))))))())))) )c(c))) (k)1xh' ho)(!))))q))))))))))))))))))) ))) )))))) wh((e)!q((!qu)!!th)))ju)nej))e)c)c)z)!)) h()(qus!))(
)!)) )c)bl) t0)( o*)()pe)))) ))) io!))))))))))))))))))))))) ) )) or(!))!)())())))))))))))()))))))))))))))) wh(
me !qi !))))())())))))) )()) ()))))! ))))) h!)wo!)((!)))))))))))))))) )) () () ()() tr!
ua()) nn8!q()))j)!)))))))())))))))))!)))!))))) th)) j0)jra!t)!))()) (()))(())())))))))) h((m)))))) t) 0? i tr!()!!)))))))))

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"ion over you: for ye are not under
the "
ion over you: for ye are not under
the ((()))))(!()())(()))))))))()(())))))) (zeraga)n(
(! (!) h((ra)c)))!)q))()())))))))))() )cno)q)))1))) h!
(ve!)wa!) ()())())))(!))))))) j())))) (zerera)(
0kne!!!!))))))) )k))()())()!))))!()) h)

() o()()))))))()))))))))))))) ))))))) wro!)(!((()))))))))))))j)) s 
 )oo!))))))) ()())) 1) ))w!))) )c)b!))) th)(!!)) h(()))c!(())))) h)))))))))((z))) 1'4b!)) ta (t!()( ())))) )) tat))))d)() o))) ())()(all)
))) ))))))))! )p5j)) h0)()))wn))jo)())())))) ))))(6))) !))))) sr)(m)) aa(e()() () (z()kne[))()))!)) ())()))) )) tr)))))))))) ha())((())) ())() (())))))))))))))))))(!y h((((!()))))))))))))))))()(()))))))))(5)

in!e(!]
t!)))))))))))))) ))))) ha))))(0())))))))))))) )p!))))) h))c)))! the!)((q(xu))o!) ))))))) )))))))())()))))
an!a! tx)j))n;r!t))()j(!) a))t)t ()! (()) )p7r)jjeq( o)(q
( o (())))))))))))()))))))) ))))!)!)!)))))) h!
 i) a))))))ra)) h)) o))))m))!)))()))))!)) )k!j!) ))))))) () 


o!v!qu)e(s)))))))))))(e()l))) ())))) !)(fra()qj)k)qs8ja
0)ze!
(t)) )m)))) 2) )))))) wat)() )n!
) o!)*))) o))(v))) () t)))))))( ())))) h))te)q! )) (of!))qv)! ) ()))) (y))))))))) )so (8w)!)cql))q
? (! kn))())))))) () )))() o!)wn)
!)) ))j )()m!qk))l())!))))()()l)) 
 1'sel!) ()j(zri)))))t)jm)))) )())))))) )))))))!)) h()


to!!)))) )))))))))))))))))))) ))))) wh!))cve)!qu)uxf)! (e)))))))) (k
a()))())))))
an))i)tte!(!)!!()) )!))) h(
(ey))
(z)))))) ())))) h))la))).))!))) hr!))(())))))))))()())))(())(()))))()))) he! th))q ((() 0kg)
()))()))))!)))))))!) () ann)()()))))(((((!())(()))))((z(!!)!)))))(7rn(()!!))))))))))))))))!)!))))) )po)leez)) a!te)
o)(())))))))))))) h(())))(w))!)) h))))v)n[)
) sr)))((
))))))))) ))))))))))) )))))) ))() tru)q
o!!
0?
1:
a!a)
() !pq)(!))))))))) h((
ty!o!))) ()))()())))) ))) )))() ))())))() h0

1x b)ve:va(()(()))))) ())))))))!))))()()( )!) )kno)!!!!e (j)!)))!)()))) th))) ((z)())))))) !yw))
(kn)
))()))))) o)c
(a th)))(w))))(!)())))))))(;)))))))))())))) th!!o!e!qq! ( ((v(! ()) (()))))))))!) )!) th)!( (((!(!!!))) )()) 
zl)))()))))(7)))! ha!e
(()()(())()))!)))) h!)) )) t))))( )ca
o!]!()p)))ny!!!())))) !y)!)) t))) on)(()))ver!))!() o!))c)) )))))))) ()))))))))))) )) ana!))! (!))!)))))) )))))))) () 
ye
((!)))!))))))) t) )) tri!))!xmr)))))!))! h)))!(
(((((()))))))) h((
(t (!(!)) 1))(

jos!))())))()))())!)))) (!))))) ))) )))))) wlln) o!v()))) ))))))))) )) (()l)))())))!)))))
o*a!q'e)vo)a!d))() t))t!()) 1)) ha()))!)()!)))))) w))()(
tr)(!) ))))))) ha!(!!))))))))))) (c))))))))))))))) )))!
13:1

o ())()) 
y 4w!)v))) t)))(y!)) (z)))() ())) tr ()po!((t))))))) (?))))(()))()))())))))) h)

(0qxn 0q)jn) o!())!))()())()z)c))))))b)jyn) ))c)l!)q))nvee()))))))(())())) (z))! !!))) )p!))))!

6:8
o!)) (!qct)))(hen(!))())))()) th)() ))))) (ze)jjo)))) th(!()))()(t))))))) wle!(()))))))))(()))) () 
' o*n)()()))))) ))()(( tr)((q()(.')))!)) !pqwzj9mo)r)())))))))))))) ))) h)))))))))))))) (kno !)!))))!!))))!))))))))!)))))!!)!))))))) ha((()))))))))))))))()))))))))())))))))) h]
a)t!ri())))))))))))))))))))())(())())) in
(m)! th!)e)(!!))) )))))))) (()(()))())) h)
)) ty (( o!](()en!)))j!())))))))) ))))))()))))))) h(
(ej! i!!) 0? )peo())))))))())())()))))!) )) )mn)te!!))))ju)jj))))())( )))) ))))))) ))) h!
w)e!))(o)))))))))))) () 
)
in!())))())()) ))))))))))))))!

ze)ra!)!))))))))) () (z),)))) tr ()s!o))()))n )pr!a))(j())))))) )c(!)))) th)))t!))())()()))))))))() (((vo!!)) )!) th[[(ea!)()))( () t))))) )))()) ))))))))) ha(((!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th)te!(())))))))())())))))))))))))))))()) ha()(t()))))))))))))))))()) whath)!)))))) on))q) ((k))))) (!)!!))))))) h))
))))(((kno(! (()!)))) )!)))))))!))()))))))) wh()) tr))m))(ee!
) o)))i))) ())) ())))))))!)))) )) )k!joa))n (m)qxx())'sjo jno!)))!)))()))))()!))) (k))))) )))!)))))) wh((m!(()in!qxxzl)wh))!n!))))))))))))()( ta)))!))))) h0)))))l) ) () ())) ))) a))) (zeraab()))(() (zera)r)() ())) t)r)))())( ()) )mne)))))ck!)) h()a
()
)t)))) h0)n)q8)t!!) !() (k!!))) 1)())) () ))))) o*v3oe!!))l())))))))) ())))) t)l)!))) () ta)()(t) 0()wo)ej
(())()))))! hr!(()()))))))))))))))))))))()))))()))))
o*at)qq
(o)!)))))))) th)))((;)) t)(()j!))) ()))))!(()) )k(w)) tr ()))))))j)?))))))))))))))))))))) !))) 1 
knnn((())))) ar))te)))))))))))))))!)())))() o-)e!)x()) 
)) ))) o!)))))))))))))) th))())r))))) )) )
-----------------------------------Iteration 17
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!)!))))))(!)))))))))))))))!))))!)!))))!
ata)!!!!())))))!)))))))!)!)))!!))))!))))) wha(xqq3xz'm a
6n)(9)) w!!))() )))))))!)) wr)))))))!
an)a!!!xv)xtne)))))!!)))!)!))))))!))))!) )c!))))!))!) wrha!i(q!(t))) )k) 0()()))) ()))) )k!))(!) wra(!!)) ))!) )!) h)8
))
)! )))))!))!)))!))))) t!))) in!e(!oq!!) w)li
xel!) (z!qu!))!!)!)!)))))))))) () )))! w!) wra!qxi)!!
o!!)))))) (z))))!)j!!)!!)))))) wha
ta!)!)))!)())! ()))))))) )))))) (z))) i)a
if we!qqi(!)!)!)!!!)))))))!)!))))!))!))!!!) wra(n
 !qe)q!o!)))))))))))!))!z!))) !)))) w) wra!e!!()l q
i!)))wn()))n!)) (q)l!))! ))!)) w)))!!! in)
e!(zr!))) i!)!
)())))!)))))!) )))!) !y 
'e ()ma!)te))c!) ! nn!))))))))!!y!)))) )()))!!)))!)
0u!))))
in
(qzjjmi
th)c!!!!)))))))))!)!))!)))())))!!!))!) () 1w!(e)))))(!))!!))()))()))))))))!) )cny)qu0 l]t!)k!!)))))))!))))!
)!)) ))!)) w!) (kno)!)!)))))))))))))!))) wra)qu!))) ))!!) wro)(!)q
!))!)!!))!) ())! !!)))!)!!) ())!) th)!!)que!
(jo!(!!))) ()!)()))!)))!))!!))! )cne!)pin!9)))! h)))!))!)))) w!
j)?) )()) !)) sr)!))
! in)()))(!)))(()!)) !) )) )) )))) )p!) 1!

y
i()))))!!!!!!))!))!!))!))!(! )! (!! h!r
8
(!)))wi)) )))j)) )mn!th!)))) te!)!!!y!) !)) ())))( wrp())))) !y)))! !)) w!) t! t!)))))!
!)!!

y
o)!q!p!))) !)))))!)!))!)))))!!)))))(5uti))))!!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))!)))) an
)q!n!t!jete)!))!))))))))))!)!) i!)!))!)!))!) !!) )pori))!
)))))))))))))))))))!))!)!)) wr!)))!
 ha!)()q
!))() w))))) i)))) )) )cne!)e!!!j)))! ! t!ose)!))))()))))!!)!!))))!!)))!))!))! !)!) wrhe((e!)))))!)!!)()))))!))! h)
)()p5))!!) wra((!)!)))((!))) )))))))()))) )p!) 1)l!!) 1:en((e
!))))!)))))!)) )))) w!) !)))) wr! w) a!
u)
 )bot!)(!)q))) !y!))))!))!)))()) )!)))) th!!ot!)))))) ))!))))))))))!)) (z)?)))))) (k! th)))))))()()())())))(())(())(!!!))!)!!)) wra)ra(
i!!!qqlo!a!!) (z()j)) w!) !)) )!))!!)) )!) )po)ooj!0?
o!)m!)))))))))! )) !y )m!)))))))) )) )p! th))
!!!
q
i())))!))))) whh))))())q!()!)!!) !)!) )poe!e)))))!))()))))))))!!))))))))))) w!!) s'g th)(())!!()))))!))))))!!)))))!
a!()))))(8:1 tai!i!!)))))) )!))!)) )!)))))))!)!))))))) wha!qqqoeo!!)i!)! !)! !!)) )) !) !))))(!y))) 1!) h
0a
)
())))))))))))))!))))))) !)))))))(5uti)))))))))))))))))))))))) )p)))!)))) ()) h)
(
(
a!)))!!))))
!)jo!jnoi!!)))))!!)!!)) )) (zer!)!)))))))))))))) it0at!))!)))!)) w)) ))!)) wrar!)(s'))))))))) ja!)!) j) o!)!)))) ())))) wh!uo!2to !))!)))))))) ()( ))) ))))))))))))!!
)) wra(m))))) )) ()!) wr!)


ue!(e)!)))))))()))) 0))!)!))))!)))))))!!)) wran!ra(
))!!
((zrht)))! !)!!)))!))) )()) ! )cn! i)a
0!))) in
(t!!))))? o)))))!) ))))!))) w!
i!))) sr)!q()))) )( (k ())) (!j0as!))))) wr!)) t!. 
j'!) wra)!) )) ))!!)!!)!))(!!))!))!()! )!) w))) wra!oi)!))))))))))))))))))))))!))))!
)!)) w!
h)())))))))))!))!) ))!))))) (z!)) i) wkl

i!aqa!aj)ta!)))1)5!)) )c!)ln(()!))))) w) )poi!)() )))))))))))!))!))))))) )) a!) i!))
o!a
(
()))))))))()!))))!)0(

(z!)) (z!) is!th)(
))()!! )b))) a!)8!) i t!b!)!!))) in!
)!!)c))i!ple))te))!))!!!))) ()la!(!))))))) ))))))!(3he!()))))))!)))))!!))!))))))()!)!))) !)) wrjxxq'7v wnam!!))))!) !)))! !)))!!)))))))))) )p!!()j'senh()t)!!))))!)))!) )))) wh!)))j)))c) )))) wran)(!qq!j)()) )b!) ()! ) ()))))) )po)!()jeath())q!)))!)))))))) ))))) )))!)!()))))))) whha)a9c)))))))))))!!))!)!))) )p!))!))!() th)(((!)e!!)(((k!)))))())()!)))!))(!))))) who!qin!t!q)!!))) t!ten!!))))))))!)))))))))!) ) )c!))! h!!!y!!jyd) ))! s!z) u!)())))) !) )caeo!oi)! t))) !!)) )) ))!))) wrwt!)))))) )!)) an!)() ))))))))( ())))!()j0!))) 1rj))i()q()) (!!!)()!!)())))))!)) ))) wr!)1ch)()!))))!!))) w!)!)! )!))) !) )))) w!) wra(t!)!)!))s!)() !))))!
)())))!))!)))!)) wran))aze6! ())!!)))() wro)!!))))))))))!)))))))!)))))(!))))!))))) wha(qq)(qi))) )) !)) sr)!!
(
()()))!))((! ( wri!!t!!!)!))))!!)))()!)))) !)!) ))!!!!!)) wra!jote)!

)
!)!)))() (!))) w!)))))) ))))))))) wrho!th))) (!))(!)))!)))))))))!)!) (!))!)) )p! sjkn!!)))))())!))))))()!))) (kne!!))))!)))) 1tymt!(())))!))!))()! )( t))) !! ))v) )k)) th)())kh ()))! )!!))!!)cnt!))) (!!!)) !)) sri!(!))))))())((!())))!))!!))!(!))!))!()joee))qll(m e)()!))) w)!) i! )) t!oe!))))))) ()))) )p) )p! (! !)! (c!x) oro)!i!)j))!))!)())))( !))) )!)))))!!!)))) wha!cai
! t!u))bj)()))))))!)!))))!)))))(!y))!!

(zrh)()))))))))))!))!))!!))!)) wr!!)) th)() e!)))!!!)))!!))) ))))(8ha!)!)) o!)))f

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!!!)))))))!)))!)!())))))))!))))!!! )))) 2rj!))(()))!)!!)))))!)qu!x!)))!)) )c!!)) wrale!!(!)))))!

! th!))(t)(t)!!)))))))))))))))!) i! () !))! th)!))()))()()))()!))) w!) !!!)))) 1y!))) if
teme!))))))())(()!))!!!)))!))!!))(())))))) an
))!)))())!))))))))))!)) !))! ))))!))) wrah( 0)
at0!)e!))) o!)!))))))))!)))) )))))))(5u!)iet si j)!) ar)!())!)) w))))))!))!)))))!)))()))))) )poe!oq))))))))))))))))))))!!)))))!!)))))!)) wrante!!!)))))!))()!!!))!!)!))(!)()!))))))!)) wran!que!ma())y
!)qu! )))) s!) ))!)!))!))))))))) wha((q(!qol!t!)t)))))))(!))) )))) !)) (! rat!())))!))))))))))))!)))))))))))))))))!(; 1:1
o!))!))!))!)))))!)))))!))))))) !!!))) 1yit!eqa!)))!))nte)))))))) ()) ))! ()) )) axe!t!)5! th!!)j6?(

()!())!))!!

!!) )) (k!))!)
on))(!)))))))))))))!)))))) (!)) ar!())!! o!7!!t)e
))) i
!))!!
)vo'))! )po!l))t!): 1)) )c!ql)1's
as!)))))) ()la!) 
!)!))!) )po!th!))))!))))! ))!)( )!))) ! sr)a!)()))))!q)(f))())))()))))))))))))))) wllo o*d)) 
en!e!) ()))!)!)))((!!!)(!())))))) )k!)) !ywnpg'dn))u!)!()))) (!!) (!))))!!)))())))))) )poar!)i!tg!!)q!)))!))(())))))) )cci!e!!))))) an
)) (! )))c!) 1wh!)!o)))!)))!))))))!!))!))))!)))! )) he!)
i)))))))) ())))!!)!)!)!))!!!))))))(6; 1:eyn!t!))))()))))))))))!)))!)))!()j) ()) (knd*a ts0())!())ly!))!)))))))))))))))!())() ()) sr))5q0t!q!)))!)))))) )p)) ()))))!)!)))) wha(((ql))) () !))!))) )))))!) w!y j! )) wra!! (t!! ())wn!))! )b!()) (k)j!) t! )!)) wr xe!(!)))l))t)))))))!)))) )po!t
)) a)))) wr!(air!)(p!!!)()!) )!))!!!))) w!!) i!))! )p5jxfer!!)))) )))!!)))))))!!))) )) (!!)))!)))) wha!qq 'qun!jj())!)) )po!))))!)) ()))))!
!! ! ))) wr'3k 
ta!! ()!!())())!!!) !! (!)))!))!)))))))) wha!qqx7
) 0m!i ()) )!0:!)) w!
!po!
(!) tai!i)tk!)!))) ()))) )))) ))!) ()) )!)))) wha()!q!!!))!!! )))(! th)!)m))!)!)))!))!)!))) ()))!!)!((())!!)) wra!n
!tj) t!)))!)))) wh)o!!j! ))))))))!!)) )!) )mnertt!))))))) w) )))))) w!)))))))))) )))))! h(t!!qie)!!))))!(z))!)))!)! !))) )c!xb!) tha((0)
))i! t! te!)(!)!!!!)) ))!))()))))! )) )) w!o! t!) ina()))))))()))))))) )))() )))) ())!!))) )ccameo!!))
))) )))1! )))))) ))!)) w)!)!)))))) wr'kg?: 0'9gat!kit)!!z))w!)))(!)!)))!!)!!!)))!))) ()) h)
tq!!)se!!))) !()))))))!)))))!)))))))!)!) wra)l00a)q!))) wr!)! th!))()!) !!))))))!))))))!)))!))()(!))))!
ata)!!qq!!)!)e))! ! ()))) ))())))))!)))!
13yo0;olo)!m!!q)!!)()!)! th)(m!)))))))))))))!)) ))!
)!!!)))!())) 1yi!))jo t))))) ()! !)))c!))) !))) ()ll!)) jh'()! th0!)
)))) )d!!!))!!)) )! )!) !)))) )!))!

y wk 
ke)1:uen!))!) ())(())(()))!!)!!))!!)))!))() !ywmis( t!)m())))))) (z)))!)!)) )( )))))(!!!)!

y
o)((!)))))!)!))!)!))))))))!!!)))!))) wrwl) at
)) o!!r!)))))!)()))))) ))) )))!)))!)))) wh!9 an
t!!e))!)) (z!))) !! ) ()l())!))))))!))) whjno u!!!(!pee)())e)!)!))))!)))()))!)(!)))))) ))!!)) wra()qitl)()!!)n)o!)
!) )c!)) oa)))))!)!))()))))) ))) )) )))))) w) t)) th!!))!))((()!()))!)) )))) ()!))!!()ju!)) 1rj!))))))j))) (!)))))))) w!) ))) wra)e!)))q)!!))))!)!) ))!)!)) )c!)lv!)!) oro!!!!)!)()()()!!)!))! ())))))!!!())))))) whha)a(t!!!))!) wa!e!u))cr)))))))))))))(! th)!)!))))()))))()!!!)(())()))!!))) !)!)) wra!q)to   be)))))!) )!)!)))))))))))))))))))!)))))) wllo o)!)  xd!qs!t!(q!) ))) )))) ())))!!))))!
ata))!(q())!))!))))))!))))!))())))))))()) wrank
t))!)))!)())!!!))!)()!)()))!))!()))))(8:1
o!)))!)e)))))!))))))))!))))!)))))!)) wrh)))qoo!))))()!))!)))))))) ))!t! )) )))) wrao!)vv)e!!))(!!))!)) ()) ())) )) (kn!)))!o!)( xnor!))))!!y!))) )!))))))) )))() )) )g!) () a
 1' i
ih)))))!m! t!))!))) o!a(b))
!!)())))) w!
i! t)
i! )))) w! ))!a!)!) o!e!)t))q)) )m))) w!)) )cn) tr!)vit!)))!
y!)))))!))) )c)))n)())))))!)) wra)ag a 0e]!!)!j!) !)!)))!) !))!))))))))!))!)!

y
o)(0q1 t)!)))))!
) o[) !ua)))j)))))) w) sat!))!)))))) !)) )z!)!)) ())))))!) (z!))) in0t!))))))) ())) 1te 
(!)!)))!)) )!!)!!))!))))!)!
()j))))) wra!e!!

)k o)!o)())( !)!!)())))) ))))!!))!)))) ))) wrjxxxxwn)!))))()!) w)) )! t( ta)!))(z!))! h)()bra(
((e)!))))!!)))))) (!!)))) h!)()!))!) wrho!n!)d!)))) ()!)) )c)z!))))) wrwe!))!))))0 
queer!))))))!!!!)!!))! !!()!!)))) !))))))))) wha!qqk te!)!!))!)!)!!!!))) ())) i!))))!))!))))!) 
y em!!))))))c!u! i!)))))!))!!
!))) t))ta!he!)!)j!h) sr))!q!))))!)j! (
!) )) )))) ))! )cn!)!) i tye)(()))())w)(?) wr!))))))!)))!!)))(!!) wra!qe)))()) u! !))))!

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!)(!))))))!)))))))!)))))))!)))!!)! ())! ha!)(
(())))!)!!!))!!!))!)))!!))!))))))) wha!qq!!m!!!))) )) )!) )ca!))cn!lma))))!))))!)! ()) ))) wr! ax! the)))!)))!!)()) ()))!!)!)))))!!)! ()()!) wra(!!))))! )p8qjvai(s!!) )))n)!
a)l!))!) sr))))))!())!!!) )) th!)))))))))!!)))))!) !))) s!)); if !k))))
!!))))))!!)) w)x! (v!)) 1'4)j'sse)
))
i!e!! )j!!) it!) (!! !)))!)))))))))) wh!)0ca0a !))) h!q)q!t (!y)) ()))!)) w!)!

(z!j! ) )c!xjon!)e!!))))))!))!)) !y )!)))))! )! () ))) wro)))))))))))))))))))))))) w!!)!))) w))!) wran(()))))!))))))))))))!))!)) ()) !)))!)) wrpe!!))))())))))))) w!) wra!!q)))
!! !)))!)5 wl!
)! (!)))) !)))))))) w!
h(()jo!ee))))t)ql!)))))(5)) ! )))) )))) wra(a!q)que!j)e!)) !u)la)a!)))no)) ))))))))))) ))) wr!' j!)
!y 
t0 o!t)r!!q)!!)))) ina)!))))!))!)!))))))) ()) (!) ) a)aj0))t)que!iua))(!! ) )) )) )))))!))) ))))))!!)) w) i ()()!)))) a!))) ha!))!))))))))))))!))!))!))))!))))()!))) 1y wmra)e)!!) ()!!))! i!)))!)))) wl!))!!)!!!)) tsja(!x)jo))nj)t!))!) !y () 0?)) w!) !)))) wra!!q!
 !)) (!!) who!)!!)!)!)!!)))!!)!)))!)))() ()!)) ))!


of))())))))))!))()))))))))))))))))) () () i)a
te!!))!)))()!))(!)!)))!!!((!!))!))!(! i! sjk!!jo()!w! h!0)e!)!) al! li!)))!)))))))))!)) w!) ))))!)())!)) w!
i
o))!!))) ))))!))! )!())()))!)!)) ())) wra)!!a!t0! is))) !
))))) w!)))))) wro!))))z! tai!)))!) w!)!)n)))) ()l!) ((!) !)!)) w!) wret!)!))))))))))!))))) whh!))))))))!)))!)! hi)
)())!!!)))!!)!))))))) )p! )k)) )!))! h8!)
a)t!q(!ih)z))! )po!!)))!))))))() w! c
t8!t))) )) !))!))!)! )p)jon)
!)))!))!)))!) (zer!t))t)!)) ))ju()))) whha(!!!)!(! ())) )!!))!))!)))))) w)))() wrpi(!)))(!!!!!!!!!))!)!!))))(!!)()))!!)cnve)e)
)na!)a))( )) !)) t!
)) ()))) )))!) w! t!) 1we)!t))))! )))!!)!)) (kno!!))!)!)!))!!)))) )) ar! i );e) th!)!!)te)!)n!!))))(5!))) ()!) ) !)!!!)) w)) w!
t0
(
ua!(z!)d))j!) th)(()!))))(!)())) )()!))!))())(!))()())( wre)
o!!es!)))!))(()))!))))!))!!)))))))!))) wrw!ci()))))()))))!!))))) w!))!))) !y)!() )ppoqqo!!!!))))))()!))!)!)!))))!!)) ()!!))) ina! th)()(!!!)()!)))()!()()()!)))!((!!))!)!)! he!(!(()!)))))!))))!))!))))) t!))))))))) ia!qqlhe!!! !! )!!)!!!((!))) )))) 1y!!!))) )) ax tax
)q)'so!)))qui*)j)) o!)!!)))))))()))!)) )po!)) xver)!())))!!)! t!!()))))))!))))!)))) )!) )ppoqee!(())!!!!!)!))!)!)!!)!)!!)!)))!))!)!

y
o)q8m!))m () ()) s!kn!
())!))!())))) ))) (z!j! the!!))!))))))))!)) )) !)) wr!!))!)))((! he!(
!()))))()!)!))! )c!)))!)))!!!) w))) sra!)!)()))!))))())))) )!))))()!)!!!))!()) an)))))c)mm!!)! h)))!))))))))!))))) )!)) 1y0 w!
it!)q(!)!)))))) ))))))))!!) w)( ()!))) wrjxzjo) 
v!!))))))()) ())) ))!)))) wr!))) (zero!6 )))))) )c!xndr)))) ()!((!)))() !))))!)))))) ((!) (()) 
is!eqmt!))))))))!))))))!)))) ))))))!)())!!)) wra)c(qu!i8i) 
oe
))))) ())!) w)))!!))))))))))) w!
t!(5ut!())))))(1)))))()! )))th!!qmhr))))) o!))qljee!))))))!))))!)))!) ))()) ))!(5!

((! he!(
t
())))))!!!))()))!))))!))))))))!)!) tru(
t
)!)) !)!))) ()))) w))!))))))))))!)) wran0!enh!i!)))!!)((!)(())!))!))!!)!) (()!())))) wha!oqqzcco!))))!))))( ())))))) ))))!))())) w!)) )cciy e!q! (!)
at!qf!
o!je!))))!))))())!))))!))!)))))))))))!
!y 0oi!qujvleq9wn)(m))) a!))))!!))))))))))!()))))!(!))) 1era)!!))))))))())))!))))()(())))())! (z!)! the!))!))))))())((((((((!!((!!()(()())!!)joqkns!))))))))))))))))))))) )))))) w!!))) )) ax the!!))))))()))!)qz!))!!))))!!) )c!()!!) 0; in
(!)!!jx)jc!!)) )! t! )v) t! ato!()!a!!())) ))) )po!)))) )!!!)) !!) ))! w?
it!)))))))!)))())))))))))))) (k!)))!!y! an!)))!!( )e!jh
(! !)!))) (k! th)!m)(!!)))))!)))))!))) )k)j! 1!))))!()!

ye!
()!))))))()))))!))))))!))))) )!)) an))())!))))())))))))!))))))))) wha(x)))))q mo!)m ()!)) (z!j!) t!)!) (!) h!)

)j(!))) )m!)j)) )!!))))))!) )) ():( i 0me!)
(!!))) (f)q!!!!)!()) wrat)e ))qui)q())))) () !)!)()))!))!)))))) w) i(a0at!ke t)()!)) ))))!) )! t)))!)))) ()))(8))))!!

y
i)))!)!))!))!q(!!))) it!)q))))!)())) wh)! wri()!!! (w! th!)(!!(()!))!) )))!)()))!))) wrwl!)))!!)qupe!)()( ())))!!)))!))))!)))))))!
a!a!!tan! u0 (0;tar))))(!))!))) ()!) i!))!)j() )g! tha!e!))!)))))))()!!)!(!!)!())())!))))!()jo 0? h0'y!!) tr!!) !! 
(!)j) sr!or!))c!)!))!))))))!)!)!!)!))))))!))!!)) !
i
o!)))))!))))!))!))!))))))!)q!))) i!))l0
0ro)qqpa!l)!zq!!! )!)) w!)(! ))) !)))))!))) w!) wra!t!)e
)))))) w)!))))))))))))))))!)))))!


----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!!!))))))(!)))))))))))))!!!)))!!)! !!!) an!))))!)))))))))))))))))))))) !y!) )) )ccarha( xo)))) ()))))))!))!)) !) (z!)))!)))) wrh)!!)g!) o))!) (z)) ()) (kn()0!)))))!!!) )) w))t!
a)))byr)
(8j!!)!))) i ())! (po!q!o!)
)ken!))
y!))) ))(a!)) wr!)!) !y!) 
i) ))) 
'8
h)()!!! o!)i!j)!)!!y! h))t!)))))))))) i!)0) () (? !
i!aidx
'!qquinr)()))))))))!!))))) w))!))) ))!))))))) )poaro!!!!)!)))!)))))!))! ))!)))) ))!))))))) wha((!i!a!!)nt!)e!)))!)))))( (zer!))))!!!y!!)) w(lse!a!!)!)))))))!))!))))!) ))( () )) ))))) wrwl!
i)!ha)))()()!)) (v!
!y))!!!!))!!()jo t 0!)c!tn)) 7!)(! !) )) )g!)!()j)!) w!))) 1yit!)xoy!o)))()!)) ))! )!)!!!) i! ) (z!))! () wro0!j!!j) a)())!) !!)!!))))))))))))!)))() wrpi((()!!!))(!))!)()!!!!!!)!!!)!)!)))!(!) 1w!on!)))))) )))()!!)) w!
h!())))!))!)!)!!))))!)!)!) w!)!)) w) sr))q yt)))))!))))) )))!!))))))()))!)))!)!)))) whoqy!)!)!!o (v!a!) !))) ))) w) )) ))!!)) wra!
h(t)())) x)jo )j!(!))!)!!)) (k!!)))!))! (jose)()))))!)))))!!)))))))()))!))))) wh!))canan!(!)j(!)!)0p!!)))) )kn!)!)) ()!y!)!!)) th!!qp)()) () t) (v!)!)!!) )!)) a!a!))! t!)) !) !ro!)qo!!!n! 
o!)(!y0!je0)
!))!))! !)!)()) )ccarh))

ha))) !))))())!) w!)))))!))!)!)) )) a!) in
t!))()))))!)))!)) wr!))!)))! ))))!))) (zezz te!))())j)!)))!!y))) !!)) ))!) (kno!)))!))))))))!(a?tn!)))(( i a!)!)!!!))))!))) ())) )( )!)))))!()!()pee!qr!))!!)) (k!!))) ))!)
!y!)!!!) )g!) tr!(te))w!))))))) !)))))) w!
)mn))j()!!)) !! th)(0!))!)))()))))))))) !y!)))))!) )c!)) sr)qi)()!): ()0)c!p!)))))))))))!d f!))))ccjon)()))) w)!) o)!))) !y!!)))))) w!) )!)) wrha(!)) )! )p!! ih!(x(!)))())) ()))))(())))!!)))!)!)) )! tha!)!)))!))))(!)!)!))!!!))!!)!))!)))))() wrp)!i!!!))!)) !
())()))))))!)!!))() (())) in0qut
 c!!))! 1; i()) (ze! (z)) !) t!)))) ))) wra(!))))))(!)))) (ze!))))!))) wr!)! en!!)c78u
)! jee!8
!!!)) (kno!!!))))))!))))!))))()) ))))))) )po!!()) wrone!!)) r!)))!!)))))!))!()!!))!!)j!()!))!!

y
i 1x
wrin!(!))!!j!()!(! ()))))!))!!)()))))!))!) wrp!i n!!a)!oy!o)
)(!)))!))))))) )c)!!)!)) wr! 0kj)))paq?d'g!)th)r(!) ))))!!))) ()) i))))) !)) t)l) )c!th)
oe)())!)))) )))!))))) w!)))))))) ))))))) whha(a!i))))))!))) o!))!))!)))!))!)!!))() wra))!qrev)) !))! th!)q))()))!)))!))))))!)!)))))))(() ))!)) wri()()!)))!))))))))))))))))))))
o!a
!)!)

0)ju !rne)!))))j))) )!) !)!)))(!)!))))) ))))))) 1 h))!())!)))!)))))!))))!!)))!!o!!)!!) !)) sri!!(()))(()((!)(()!!(!()()!!)()))!)!!)) wra)xe?1xve)!)!)! h)r!))
!! ()) ! ))))))))!!)) a!)) wr!]t)jke j)) o!))d ja!))))) t)o))) ))!!)) )c))))) w!
h))a)!!))!!)) ()))) )))))) wrho!!)))!) () )) (kn!*))()!!!))) )!) (!)) an!)t)!)e)) )pp*8g)0!5))) )b )))s! (()j) ar)()!q))) )) axe!) ()! ()) ar!o!)))wan!y
())8
 th()))!) )p))))!))!))(!!!!)) !)!)) )! !!) th(!()))())!))!))!))!))))))!))) jla!))!)) wran()!00
!)(!))))!)) )!))!))) ())!) (!!(8
i*((t!)())))!))))!))))))))!)!)))))) whoqo!)qe))!)))))))!))!))))!))))))))!))) wrai)0s!n8jm)e))!) )ac!p!! !j!))))))!))))!

()) ax wra))!q)) (!))))!!!) ))! h!)))))!!!()())) wr o!()))()))!!))!))!))!!!)) w!)))) )d)!))) whto!)(())))!!!!)!)) !! ) !r!j(()!)!)))!) !ywi 0iner(
)!) ))!!)!()!))) )m!! )))) )))) )) () i)!'monk)!j)!!)) ())! ) !())))(!()) !)!) t!)!)! th)!))((!))()(()))))))) (!) 1! )p5)!))!) wr'cat)
()))v0!
(!!!!!))!!!(y!)) 1))))!) )) ax tr)((o
!1)(b!)q! )) )))))( )))!) !y!!))!) io!er!)))))!))!)!(!)()!!))!!)))) !y!)) !)) sr)qq(q))))))()))()!) i!!)) w!))!)! h!!!) a
(q)v
)j) 0!'mnn(*))!)) t!) (!))) !)()!!))!) w))!) !!)) axen
y!!0) t!)) h())!) )))!)) !)))) w))))))) wrw!m!un))()))j0(0,) !uo!!)o!) i!)!q!c!!)))tt (w)(h!)!))) !))))))))!)!)!()!) )p! )))) wrwl)(-bse!!))))
!()) !)!))))))))!
(!)!())ju t! y
i
aeo!))))))))))))!!))))))))))))!)!)))) in0!uei!(o)!)! () o)!ih!)))!))))))) )))!) !!))! w!
!p!j0)! the!))!)))))))(8!))) !)(!)!!!))) !)()))!) wrpa!i
t!)!!)))!b!!)!))!)))!))))))))))))!)) wrah( t!x!mw)))))!(k)()!!
((!!)) ()))))))!)!! th)!))!)))!))!!)))((!)))())))!))!) (! (!) wra(qi!)()o!))s!)!) )s!)))))))))!)))))))) wlte!!))
))))) )))) (z)(!!)(
((!!!!!)))!)

y
i(e!!())!0k)))))(5h)))!)))!!!)) ))() wro)!)ea!!())! w)))))!)!))))!))) ()!)!)))) wha(qjo))qq


 th)t!))!))))!()j)))))))!)())))!!))))))))) who!q'82fe!te!))))))) ))) !)!)))!))()!))))!))) ))! !ywe))))))))))))))!!)) ))) )) th!))!!!!()!)!)((()!!))(!!!(9!) tr!!q!)) i ()

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!)(!))))))!)))!)))!)))))!!!))))!)) ()!) i a!ta)))))c))) ))) )cu!)))))) ()!)))))!) ha!)!i!))))))))!))!))()))!)!))!)))))!))) wr
ha))0!!)))))) i) t)) )b!))!) i!)))!)))) wrah(!! ca!)))!)!)t!o )-x)))))) () !) ())! th)!!!
(k))))) !))() !do-))t)!)))!)) )))!))))!))!))) !y))) in
((ze!)0hjo!(uk!)
)))))))))))!!))) ))))))!))( (z!j!' wra)te!!()!!!!))(!!))()!)))!))))!))))!))))) !y j0aui)
i)(!q)m ())) ))) ())) wha!)!) )jq!!!) wr!(h)x!)()!))))) wh!))! teo!):) !)))))!)) (!!))!!!))!!)))))))))!)) wrpeen!!!)))()!)!)()) w!)!)!)!))!)!))))!)!) i 0
0ajj0knt!)!)q)ju!q! ())) ())!)))))!!)(! !) (!!

j.
'0te!(((!!t!)) )))) )c)bl!)q!!))! 0( ha!)))))))!(.) ! !r!)))) !y 
e))j)))!)) wra!
at!!q
h))))!)
(!)))!))))!) )!!))))))) )p! 1'8of)))))))))))))))!))))))() wra(!l!
)!))()))!))))!)!))))))!))!)))!))) wran!)!e!)()
))())) h)!
())s!(t!x)) 1y!))!) ar))oi!))ze!j))! (k! )! ) )) 0?))! w!) )) ax) ih)

0q (t))))(ue!!)q())()))))) )))))!)))) wh!o!y0)x)j)j's!p0j6'm i() )u))))) w!)) !q)) )) wr!) )m)2w)j0)))) wlle)!!!)) (
a!) i!)) j)j;)!) ))())! h!!) t (t)le!!)))))))) () !)!)))) t!)
!) )))) w!y t!j1? 
en!!n))nc))v())) )() )))))) w!
!) () !r!jfo!)))!!))!))))) !)b) ()(!))))))) )) !))! i 0it!)qif))))(ar!!))))))!))) !))) !) h!tha)!e!e)))!!))) 1) !!) h!)))!))))!)))))) wha(e!! !po!))))q!!))) !))) (k!)))) )p)!)jos!!)))!!)))!!))())! (!)) s!)))) )) tr!!).(6'enue!())) )))!) )())!))))))!))))!))!()!))) wrjxxxj?we!()k)jo!qu)))))( ( o)a))))!))))!!!)))))!!))))))))))!!)))))) wrho)!( qky)ue)()))))! ()))))!))))()) ))!)) wr!)w!do)(()!)))) ))) !))))) !)) wrjxqj()jo (t!at!jq)))( )bo!! )a) (!(!)))) (z!)))) ilt!o!ta))))pt))t!!)!)) wr!))q))))))))))!)) )cc!) th)theu!!))!e!)! t)) 0)!))!))))!))!))))))) )p) 1x ten())!))))()))))))))))))!(zz)))!))))))!(ziti)())))))))))))))))!))()))!)))!)) )p!! (wo!e)e)!)))))))!!))))) )! t!)))) (! ) )) th)))0!!()))))))!)))) j!!)! h!) (7!a! ))!

y
o
))!) h!))))(z)))) )!) t!)) !):u!!))))) ita!)))))))))(7rj)!)c!)) ))wa!))) (cw!)) ))))! ))!)) ))) )))) )pon!)))j))()) h!q)!q) 
)))) wra!!)qu!i ))!) th!)))))!!)))!))) ()) ()!))() !)) !)!(!)! h!q
(!(
())))))!
)!)) (kno!!)))))))))!()!))))!))!)))))))!
a!))!) i 0kj: 0o2 ye!(
!)jo!))!!))!))!) w!ie)q!))) ))))))) !y anr))))))))))()))))))))))) ))!)))))))) )!) h!!i)(())!imu)()!)))())!)))))!)!) wr!)) i!e) ha)))))()))))) )))) ()!)!)))))!)))) !))! th))((qq(!)(a!!))(8h:ti)))))))))!)) )!))) )))))!)) )) !isa!
a))fe!!))))!))!)))!!!)!))) wr))))!) (zeru!i!)!)))!)!)!!)!) !()))!!)) )))) w! ()) 
if i
h(
())q)))!)))!)!!)))!))!))!))!)()! () i 0q
0!t!!pe)! r!q! o))) o)!)))!)!!)) (!)))!)) wr!)()) t)t!) 1!) an!)()!!())))()()) ())))!)) ))) w!))) )ccirth!e!)) )ke))))))) )))))d!))) !)!)))))))) wlta!qq())))) 
!)!!!))(((!))!))()()) !))) sri!()))))))!)))!))!))!!!))!))))((z))!!)) wrani!q (y!)nt))cjcl))))!))))!!)) ))))))))!!)jo)z!j))pa!))
o!qqe)))?)
ate!!!!n!!!))))))))))!))) )p)) ))!!))!)!!!

y
o!()))!))))))!)!)))))!)))!)))(!!!)!)
an!)!))))))))))))))
))! ! )() )) ))))) wran!)! ! !xz s!q!)) 0x)cse!n)u!))))) (!!) i )))!) )p)))))) )))) wraha))e)!!)e))!) ((w!)j!)))) )))))!) ))))) wha
t! o))q ))t)))ca)) )))))))!))))))!)!! ) sr!!)))))! )))(!) )vna!()))! ())!!)!))())! ()))))!))) wr!))!

5:1

qle!e!!!a))))8!)!)) )! tha!!!q!))))!)))!)))!!!))()()()!))))!)!!) an!)!0)!!)q)))))!))!))))))!))))) wro!)q)jqlndw)))!)!))!)!))))))))))!!))))!))))))!))!) wrp!iie!ee)()))) )! he!a!)!!))!!)!))))!))))))!!)) !))!)))!)! hi())))!!!))))!))))))))))!)))!) w! ))))) ha!)))))!))!))))!))(()))!!))))!)))))())) 1y
alo))!)!)))))!))))))())))))!)) w!)) (!)) sri!))))))))()!)))))!))!))!)))!))))))!!!) wra(j? o)
th!))!)(8!)) i!!!))!))!!))))))!)))))() !! th)())!!()()()))))!)!)!()!))()!((!) (v))) ora)

ajo)!)()))!!!))!))!) ())))!)!!!())!)
an!)!)!!))))))))!))))())))))!))) )p!)!) who!)q)!())wi!))) ()))))))))!!)( t)u(!)! th!!i)))))))( o!!))))!!))))() !))!)()))!!y
o8ete!)))!)()))!))()))!)!))))))))!)))!)))) !y j0a(
0))
qje!))

y0)))!))) )boel!()))!) ())b!))))))) wrp)))j'a!x)ln!))'())!(qhhe!!)(t)!))))!)()!))!))) w!))!) w! c
)qle))! )!))) wr!)!)j)!)!


7))) w! th!qql!!qq!!) ()))) a)) !yn!
) anl!)))!!!) axo!)0) ())!))))!))))))))) (!) 1)jo ()o!!( ank!!(()) t! 0'j)!)0!!))))))))))))) ()))))
ou)))!))()))))))))))))))))))!!)))))))))) wha(qj0!)(!)!!)p j? zae!r!)!)) w)( s!o!!)!)vev!

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!)!!)))))(!)))))!))))))())!))))))!))!)) wran()na!(((wor!)c!)!!!) ())))))!))!)!!())) 1)))!!
!y jke!jjat!te))))oy!))))))))))!))!)))))!)!))!)))(2h)ti))j!!)o)))!))))!) !))))!!)c!

 )))(wn)t!)))))((!!)!)())) ((k! (! y! (cr (j0:a
)())l)))) !)))))!)!) )cc)) a!))) t)cea
( o)))!))) !)))() ))))!)))))
o!))!))!))! h)
te!)!)))())!()())w!!!))( ))))))(!!) )) w! i 1uke!))k t0) !!)))((!))) )p)))))())) wh))):u!)) io)qu(a!x)!) (z!)! )p!!) )( ()) )vqu!) an!) h!q)) (f)) 1!!
))))))!
)) w!))!)) !! )peoi!))) (o!! !))) !!!) (kno!!!!))))))))))) it0)!) mi)((wm)!))!))!))
(z) 0k!c! w))))) )rn!t)))!))) ()!)))) 1ta))!) o!))t!)) (!)) an!(j(e!!!))!!e()())) ))! wha((x!!) i))!?) 2) no!!)!))))()!)))))!)!) ar!))()!!!!))!))!) wrh)!!())) !!))!))) )ccieee!))!))))))!)))) th!)(!)))!)q!!))!)))))c!))!)))))!!y!)t!)) oro!!)))))) (()!)))))!)))()))))))))!))!)) wrar)e!))))
)))) i!a!)))!)y ))c!!))))))))) wha(qqjo 3e!))qu!)()l)) )ze))) (knn!)))(!)())))!)))!))!)))!)))))!))!)))))) wllo a:xwi!!))()) )) w!) wr!)))) ())))!!)()))))) wha))al !jo!))jq) 0katiy!)!)!)) )) !)))!))!)(!)) )!)))))) ))!)
ou))(! 

t!)))h))) !)) (w!))!))( i!)))))) whh!!gge,)!y!) )))))!))))))))))!()!)!))()))))))!
an)a!))nqm!n!())))()))(()k!)))) ))))))) (kno(!)!)ta?qzia(
)!! )))))) wro!)))jc!)(!)) )cc!! w!x!j)(
t)lete!))))))!!)))) !)))!))!(.)!))))))() ! )cn

oi()!))!)!))()))!)) )poar!))!))))))!)!)))!)))) t))!)) ))) w!))) wrp0ch(!))())) )b) (! )!))!!)! ))!))) (!)) th*!t!)!!!!
)))!)!))) t!)! !) (z!) is!))) wra))))a!() (k(()))))9:))))))) (zera!j))!)
5 
)!!))! i! )pth)())) !d!!!!))))))))!))!) a!a0 ) oi(!! ))!(!!)))!!!()!))! ha))!))))n!)!))))!)(zio!))))))(!))))))!y! ) )poe!q!))!!; i!)(!)!)) )) a!
h)(qx) ())! ())(()) !!))!!)! the!()))))!))))!))!))))))!!)!))))!!)())!!c
me!(!))))))))))))))))))))!) )!) )mne!t)!)) th)()!)()lan!))!!))))!))(!! ))))))!
!)) iro))))!) i!!!)))()chit!)!) )k!))))!)!))) ))) (()!) )))!)!)( o!oq ()r))!(z)) ()))))!))()) wr!)j0)0!!)) wra!jat!)qi!t!!!! 0; !! !)!) )! !))) ()!)
)) wra!e!!))))) ()q()z! ))! (; (!))))) wh)(() or))te))))))()) )) ())(!))!!)!) ()!)))!!!! t) th)(
())) sr!)))(q!)) )w!)))!!))))!!!)))) wra(q!)!) it!(j0o !))m))!!) ()! !)) ))))) (!)))!) wrh!()[kr!q! y
)mo)!)t!()))))))!)))))))))!!(!!) ))!) wrho!e!q!!) 2m'')
i!a)! i!
(!) )! )))!)) wra!a()q)n))) () ))) w!yk)j) )b)) h!q
))))q)v
e)e 
(
 )))!)))) (kn!!)!)))()))!))()!))) (!)) wra(!!!)))))))))))))))))))))))) )) axe!)() oro!!(qo!) (q!))))))))))!)) ())))))))!)))) wha!qq9!!!!!!! ()! !)) sra!!))))))!)))()!!)))))!)))!(!)))))))))) whha!q9tt!we!!)!!m)!!()! ))!))!!))!))))()! !)))) wrwl
)qlan(i)l!)))))!)))))())))(!y!!))!())))
)() i(0
jpho!!)!)))))!)))))))!))))))())!)!)()!!))! wlle!qo)e)!))!)!

t!)( x!) )! th)!))()!!))))!!)!) ! ((!()) axernn!))!))!jk)!))c! th!)))!)))))) ())))))!))!))! (()))))!))!

y 0'jga
()8!!!)))!)))))) in0)))c
(b!!(7) wro!)!))))) ))!)! (!)(!()!))))) !))))))!!) wrp(())!))))))))))))))))()!))!)!)) )p!!))! wha(e!!))!!))!())!)))()!)())!!

())!))!)
ou)))))))))))))()))))())) () t)) ())))))!

y
o!
qu)(())) 8())!)))))keo)))e!))))) !))!!)j) a!a!!) (!)!)) s!))) wro!*))()! on!!)!)!)))(!))))!)))))!))!)))))))))))!) wrpi!(!z)))) ()!)!!!)!) )! tha!))))!))!!!)!)))()!))!)!)!))(((!!)))!)

on))qr)(s!!))!)))))))))!))))))))!))!))!)) wran!n!qo)))q(k)))!)(
0?8!)!))!!)))) wron!))))qe))k!)) !)) (z!) ha(t)))))!()!!)) w!) tr!!e!
)(! y!))!))) wr!z5!

)zri(v!)))!) y!e!t) )q)(p!))())))) !))))()! hi(()!))))))!))e!))!))!)))))!)))!)!)))))
ou))()))))))))))))))))))))))))())() ))))) wha
t))
  a())!))))!!)())) (kn!!))))))!!) (kn!!))!o t3)q)
50:0x!)))) wr!))) a())!) )mne!t!)!()n)!))) )))) )k!jq))wn!!!)) w!!)))e h)
a())))))!!) )y!)))) )p!)) t))))!!))(
an)))))))ia!) )))))))) w)))( wr!))))!!)juene!))!!)))()!!)) ()!)!(!!) )))))()!)!)))) h!)j10h
o)))!!)))!!))))))) ()! !))! !!)!

(z)) sr)!
 (qoe!!)!)))))!))))!)))!))))!
))))) th)))!!0)!)))))))))))!) ())())) ))!)) ()) wraxxxze (zee!()t)!)qz.j)))) !!))!)) !)!) wr!)) tr!)())s!(ch!quo!!))))) !))()(!))!)! !)))))!))) w)) )cciteq

au!()j)jo!)))))!) ()la!)(()))!!!)))) 2yy o!)
i!!)!))!))) !))!))))))) )))) !)!)))) wha!qvja!
!)q
y!)!) )g! j))tha)!))n!!)))))))) wlte!))))q(!!!)))!!)()(!!) !! ()(()())!)) !y 1'he!i h!!le!)m)))!)!!) w!!)!))))))))))))) )) (w!!) wrh(!qq!e!t!

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!)!))))))(!)))!)))))))))))!))))!))))))!
an)a!))8x  ()m! ()(!) !)))))!
(y )))); io 0)lo)q)q (!!)! !) s!o!!)))) or!(!yr!)))))))))!)))) i!)))!)!))()!)!)jue9!)cjin(!)) 1')le
))) w!!y!))) w)))!)))!())) an!)!!))))c!)qunx)ja!!)q)!)9!))!)!!) (k!) (k! ))wn))j)) wr!)l) 
()!)()!) !) ! o!am!!)))))))) t))!!))!))))!) )cc!!!())) 1yi mqa q!!))))))))!))! h)
!)!)))))))) w!
th)!)d)())) !))))))))!!)))))()())) ()!!)! th](())())))!)))))!))!))! hr!!)))))!))!)))) wh!of)!)c!y!))!!)))) (kno!!)))))))!))!!))!)!

)) wr 0?(zz!)!)) wra!y))caxt!q!))!)!)))))))) !)!)) w!!)!)) sr)!!!) 0; she!))()!())))!))))(()) !)))))())!)))) )) wr neu!))))!)))))!))))))!))))))) )!))))!))()) wra)nta)(n!o!(!))) i!)) ())!))()))))!)))))))) wha(q! t!))))!9c!)!)) !)) sr)!!)
)(()))!)j) sr!))))))!!)))))!))!)) h!!q(jo (f!!e()()) th0!)n))!)))(!(z!))))))())!)((zi!)!( ))!! y
o!)
()))!))!)))) ))!)!))))!) !! !) s!)'sbr()))!)))!)!)!()))!(()!)))) !y!!)))()))! the!)()))))))))))) t)((!))!)!)(!!!!!))(!) wra(!t!e!))))!)!!)))!)))))!)() )!!)))!()joe'2jls!0!))net!)j)))) t!))())) w))))))))!)))) wroi()))s!)!))!)) ))) )))) )) ))!))( (!!() thi()!)))!!))!!!!!!!)))!!))))!!))()()!)() wrp()(!)))!))))!)))!)))))!)) )) s!k!!()!! th!!)()))))))!!!)!))( ))))) )c!)!()!) ))) h)
(jat!oq!(()k!()))! ))))))!)0!))) )!))!)))) wha!qq  7))w)j))!)!!)))) !y j0a i!v))
(!an)ar!
)))))) ))) wr
xxv())!)!)) wr!c)qq!)q!!
1:1!)!) )!!)
an))))))!)!)))))!)))))))))))))))))))))) an
)q!))!)j))((zr!())))))))))))))!)))) () 1w!!t!))!)()))))))))))!)))))!))))!
an) 4t!(!))))))))) wrh))( ()q(bo))!!))) w) s!quy
))(!))k))!)) () o!
))j)))t!) )) !) tr)):o9 s))!)) )))! (!)(!) th)!!)j(!()!!)(9::)
a))q (to!!))t))(())))!))))!!! )) )!)))) )po))!) 1; 1 ta!)!)))) ))))!)))()( )) )c!))))) !)) !yndq)
(
 ))! th)!)!!())))!!))!))! ())!()!)!!))()( )()) wr!qimm)a!e)) a!))!)))))))!))))!)!))))))!)) wra!ee!) (k t))))))!)) (k!))!!)))))) )!))))!))(!)))! ha!)!))!))()tn)!!q)ce)))) )) !))))!))))) wha!q)) ))))c!))!!)q!(ro!) 1
o!))in!))!)j)(!!)!)1;)0)7!) )))))) h!!keo!!())))!!)! !))!)!!))!))) ))()!))( )p!) h)))!))!)))))))))))!)))))))!!!!) i )m!t) 
th)!)))!))!!)()!))))!))) ))!)!!)))))(9u!! th))))))!((!((!!(!!)!!!!()()!))))) w!))) wr!
i!!)!!! (()! t!)))!) o!
qq'!(
i!!))! ) ))) ))) w)) h!
oo))!)))!))))!)))))))))))))) )) ))))! w!) wra!!)
())))))))))))!)!) ta!!))!!)!!) )!) h!q
()!!)et!))))))))!!)))!)!)) ))) )) (kno!!))!))))))))))))))))))!)) )ponq!q!!!)! h!0) (ro)!q!) ()()!))))!)!)))) ()))!)))))))!)) wran!n)!(6
n)
())))())!!())))
!)!)) )))(
an!))-ed)!)) )(
!!))))))))!!)))) ))!)) wrh!coth)))))!!)) t!k0)a!)!)!)!))))!))))!))))) it!)! oa)))) ))!)()))l))!))))!)!)!
!))))) !! th!! ())))))()()()!))()))))(!)!))() (v!)) jho!igeg!h!i)q!)j!)!) )p!)()!!)))))))!))))))(!y joqulvmh)
!
)) )cn!) () al)))))!)))))!)))))))) )w 
ke!e)))! )) !d 0! jknt)))))))))))!)))))))))!))!) !!)))!))))) wha(qq2n)ay)))()))))!)))))) j) () i!) (!)) )p() th)!
(eh)!())) )())))()) )))))) !)))))))))!)) )ponq0e!*t)()))!
))n!))) w!
()) i!)q!o0))
hi!!))!))))(! ))!! ()!)) wr!))) wr!)))) ha!!))))()q())))!())))()))!)) !!))))()!! hi())!)))))!!!!!!)!))())))!)))!))))))))) wha(e!(()ai)!)))) ()!)))) in!))qq))!)o!!!!)) )poi!)n! ()j))n)!))!!)()l!)))))))))))))!!)ju i)
qq!t6ta))oi!!j)!)) ()j())))))!)))))))) w!) ax jke)jte!!(i)))))!)))))()) )) ! )))))) )))))))) wha!cja(!!g xr)!))1))) ()!!!))) )!)) ()))!)) ))))) wrwl
))t7jov!) )!() ia)j!)qu! x!)!)!!)!)))) )p!) !) !pqnu!)!ri!gn))d!je!!o
!) w)))()!)) w!))!))))! (!)) )p)) 1 k)!()))!!!))) (z!)(!!) (kno)))!) ()!))) c!)j)) t0))
)) s ) a!))!) 0;an)h!)!)!) wr!) !!)) )!)))((w! t!j)))) h!)j8ztt)))! th!!! ))))) 1!))))!))) ))))))))))))!)))) wha((!q!)))))) j? jeel!!)'!)))) )))))))())!!)))))!))))))!))!
ata!(!!)!!))))))))))))))))!))!!) )c!t!))!

9: hi()!)))))))(!!))) 2)))())!))))!)!)))))) wrho! i
!qh!!)!()))!))))!!))))!)))!!!!)(()j)a! jezitt!())a!))) !)!) t!!)!!)) wro!))!)))))))) )) t!iy!)qe!!!) t!k)) ((!) )vxco)))v! !
) )!e)) !)nte!)!)))) )))))!)!!)) ((!)))) ))) ) or!)) it() 
(qui!
i!)) ))))))))!!)))()))!))!) )c!! !)( sr(ii)))m!)(!))))))!)))))) )) )!)))))))) wlth)e!))))))!!))))))))())!))!!()(()!)(()) 
 
y j?sh)jx
( !)( th!(( (!)())!)!!!)q!)))))))!)!!)))!)))!!!o h))()))))!)))))!))!)))()))(()!!))())))!!o
o!t
ie!(! ()))!()j!)())!))!!!))())))))!)

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!)!)))))))!)))!)))))!)))))!))))!!))()!!

y
o))
()))))!)))))()))!)))(!!!))))())) 1yi m!0!)(()kn))m!!))())!)))!))))!()(x (
t0
i
t!))c

2 o!v(!)j) (e!) 
!))!!)))!)!) wr!t!!jx0()qije0xu:ah)w)) !))) w)) or!)))))!!!y))))!())))!)!) !y!) !)!)(!))) th!!(kg!s! !)m!) )(b!)((u))n!!))))) ((()) (kno(!!))!))))) w)wo)j0!0t!x)ge)t!!)))))()))))) )))! h!)!
) no!))
!!))(!)!!)!))!!)!))!) (!)))())!)!!!

y 0xmte!)))))! he!)))i!!!!!)!))!)))))))()))!!)) ))))))! hr(!w)
t
(!)j!)(!))))(8)
)!)!)))())))))(!y h))(!))))))!))))!)))))!))))!!))!)) !y j(me f)))))tjat!)))))))!))) ()!)!)))))))!!()jo0 ()))!) wrp!!! j))tn)q!!k)))()!) () (! k!) w!)))!
 th!!))a())))))))!)))))!)))))!))) ))!)))) wronah!
t)(((! t!!!(!) )!!)()) w)))))))!!)))) whoq00q!!sn!)) (') )) wra)(!)))))) )!))!)))!(jo ))qu!k0nan! ())))()) ()) )b!())!))))))) !))) 2!
o!a)!(()))!)))))))))))))))))))) )) ))) !u 1w))))](!i)))))) (z))) i!a0!ai!)c
9 (q!yo)!))))!)) (!)))))!))!)))!) ))!!)))!!y jue)e)))!))))))))))))!)!)!!))))))!))) )!)) 1y0 ha!)))))))!))!))!)))!!)!!)))))))))!!)! )pos0o!))))))!!)))!)) )c)ble!!)))s!)!))!)!)1!u th!()!)((!))!))))!))))!!))))))))!(!y))()! the!(())))))))))!!()!)(!)!(!!)((!(!!)()!!

y
o(())!()))!))!(!))!)))))))!()j!)!))) wr e!))())!())()) w!!))))))))))) !)! w!!!!

y
o)))))!))))!)(!)))!)!)))!!!)!))!!))) wh o)!q!e!)))!!()!)))))))!)) ))!))))))()!! in)o))qin)en!!)ze 3!6!)))!)( )!) !y! )) a)!!!)!) in)e!!)!))))))))!
) (ze)) !y!) h)r!q)))!!))) )))))))) ))!!))) )) (k!)! th0!)))())y))))))))!)))!))) ()))!))!))))!
at)o!!()!!))))!!))))()))))))))) 1!))))))) wrph((i!)))5)))))))))())))))!)))))!)! !)!()joit!(!))()))(()))))!))))))) () 1)eot!!)!)))))!!)!)))))))))))))))!))))!)) )) sri!(()!)(((((!(!)!)!)!))!!!(!!) t!)))!!) iro
!))))))) )c!ql!!!)) an !) )!))!)!!)) !)) sr!)!)))))))!!)!))!))! th)(!a)k:)))!)))() ))( sr)))v))))))!!)))! h(
a!q!!e)))w!))))!!)!) !) ))!))) ))! (vo)en!!!!ee!)))e)
o!!qyw!)!!))!)t!))) (!)!)) w)) th!a!t))!)(6:!) i!)c)jo!e!) i))!(y!))))!) ()li(e!!))))) wlte!)))!))!)!!))!)) )))))!) (! !)())!)!) wra(
a!ea)) ))!))))!)))))))) !! t!j:)))!)) wrpn)!
in))!)))!!()))q!)(!!))!!)!) ())))!!) tai)(((()m!))t))))))))))))!)!)))))!
(!!) sri!q
!q (!!a!e))!)!))())))()!)!)()!))!!)) wrpene)q))))))))))))))))()())) )k!))!)!!!)! )poqleen)e (0(th))
!)))))))((!)))))))!))!)!))))))zer!!jo (te))))!!)))()())))) !))!()!))))))!)))) )) ano!)i!q!!e)e!!ite!!!)!)! ta))))))!!)!))!)) !) ()!))) ()) wra)e!))) )zrnta!)h!))! ))!!)))))))))))!!)q)) )p))!()) 
'sent)))))))))))!)))()!!)))))) ))))!)!)))))) wha!qq!q!ys!)))j
an!))) ))))q))))) a!a!)! !!)) )c!xvx's!p7o a!e's)!y
i)l!)(!) ta!))))))!)))!!))))) w!) )wna!!qu)()) ! )! hi))!!!))) ())))!))!)))))))))))!))))(!)) wrante!()))))))(!!))!!!)())!)))))))))))()!!)) wrand !
(!u)) !)ln!)))!)))))) w!))(!)))))))) wha(qa!0) tr!!qz)d!)j!)w!))))!)!!))!)!)))) (ze!) tr)!)
():)
!) () t ()!qup!)rs )!t'!)))!!!y!!) )))))))))))) !is!))jy!
h))q!))n!)(!)!))) !y )ma! t!)!!!)!))enkhe!)
q!)))!!)j)!)))) ()))!)6!)) w!))!)!) art()()))a!))))!)!)!)jo!)j)))!)))))) ))! wha(e!c())!))))!!y)!)! ) ))! ())!)()!)!) i (q
al!e a)!!))))))))!!)))) )!)))))!)!!))!))!))
ou))))())))!))!))))!))))))))))!))())))))) wha(qq()!)o!t))!)))))))!
)))) it!o)))!!y)) o!))
()) !u)) or)()))))!))!))!))!) )))!))!))))!!)) )!!) i 0?
an))))))))) (knt!)!!)))))))))))))))) ()!)!))!)))()))))) whhata!o  ()()))))!()!)))!!))))!!))))))()) )! t! the)())!))))!)))))))))!)!!))))!)))))!))() wrpi((q!)))(!!)!)!!)()!)!)!))))((!)()!)!!) i 0
kme!!))))))!) !))))))))!))) wrw!!)!()) )m' sr(!)b))) ) ))(
))!))) )!)))!
1)))) ))) wrjn
qa?)
)l)j)()
2) )) wr! )() ()!))))))) wra(a]xi!ec
)me))))))))) !!)!!) (!!!))))) !)))))) wrph!!q ) !))) !y!) !y !)))))!!!)))) )!))) an
i!!)))))())))())))!)))))!))))!)!))!!)!) th))!))))))((!!))!)!)))!)!!)! th)(m!!))))) ()!jq)!)!))))()))))))!)(!))) wrjxxxxxxz'sjas!1o)))!) !)))!)()!))) !)!))) !!))))()) wrankm!!!)()))!()!((!)))))))!)!(!!))!)!)!)!!o
y
rt0!)))))))))))!))))()!)))))))!))))))!)! hr(())))) )!())))))))) wha()q(!dj))!)))) th](
(!)!))))!!!!))(()!)) (!!))))!)))!((zim)!!))))))!!)!)))!)!!))! w)cki!)))) h)
o!en! ()k!) (! c!))!)!))))))))))!)!)))!)))!
13yo0;uo)(qwn((! ana!)))!()!!) )!)!))!!))()!) )p()!)) a)))) wran)t!e!!))!)))))))) (!)))))!))) () ))!!) wrp)(!!))))))))))))!)) w!))))))!!!

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!)()))))!(!))))))))!)))))))))))!!) ()!! ue!()))))!)))!!!!!)))!!)!))()! hr!!!))!!)!))))))!)))) )) )p!q!)!)))))!

8:2
o!))!)!)(!)))) !)! h!q
o!))!q))!))) axy! (ho!)) (()))))))))))) !y))))!)) 1') sr)0!)))
j?phn)))l)))!()))!!))(!)))!!))))!)!))!)!!) i 0kc!
wg!q!m)j() ar!q)(z! !! s!)))j!))))) () (kn![')e!on!!!) in!
!qi)()e)en!)! )!! )p!) ()!)))) !y!)) i!))) wra!!at)) 
!) i!) a!))
(z)p)) ))) t! ))))!
!us!!j1)) wn y!)))))!)!)!!)))!!)!)!)))())) ))!))())! on))e)!)!!)q)e!!))))))))))!))!))())!()))!
13j0j0ora u))())!)))))))))))))))()!!))!))!)) )) (zera(!)!!)!)!))!)) ()()) )p!)) 1y0 h)!q
!)
u ))!()! !))!!

o!))nj!) )! th!q!e!)())))!) )))!))))))) )!)!

!!)))) th))()!!))))))!))))))!)))!) )) s!))() !) tr!ox!) ) tr!))))!!)) !))!!))))))))!!))!!)))))((q!)lh((jo!!)jx)) h)
)e 0at!)))!)) ))!)()))))!))!) )))))) )p!) h!)!)q)))) a!)))))!)))))!
o!!)q[o)))))) an)q) !))))!)) a)):))) )) )))! (!)) w! )b o!))!!)!!)))))))))))))!!!!)))))) w!) ()) sri!())))))((!!)))!))!)()(!)))))!!())!!)) wra)jal
i())!)))()!))!)(!!)))) t!)) )m!)))))))
o!oq(((a!!)))))))()))!) ))! wlte!)))))()))!)!!()!))!)!!)) w!)))! t!!! ) 0kfqua
u())!jk!)))!))) in
t!))!!))))))))))))))) i)
1(ju!q)c!))(t!e! yi!o!)))))) !y!!!) (!!))))) )k!)))) h!))it(()!!! ())))))!)())!)) ))) io!
) th)))lh!)()!)))!))))!()) ))!)))))) ()!))!
an!!!))))))t))))))())) )) th))t!x)!))))) ))))))))) !!))) th)!i)!)))))))))!!)())!!!!)!))!)))) (!!)) tri! (
i!it))!))()))) )po)te!)))
()j()))() )ccamm!t!)!)!))!)!))))))()!))()! )p!!)7)!))! wer())())!))))!))!))) t)!!))))))) (!) !!)) wrxz1xxje!u0mj)))))) w!)))) wr?o!))))))))!)!))))) )v'aen!!  !xe (z'! os!))! ()(1()) ()))) (!)!)))!!!!!))(())!)1'
2rj)0!!
i
i ( (k!!!))))!))()))!)()))!))))) w!)ta jb]!e)!)e
!!jo: ))) j?? )pe)

!) it!))!))1) t!) )mm))))! h)!)! x(!)s!))!)2
?
; (
h(0
()))ch!)
0!) ))! )p)c! )! t! )) )) tru((ut))())!)!)) w!))))))) )!!))) !)( !!!8!)) wra!ey)))))
t))))))!!))) (kno!()!)))))!!)))))!)))))!)))!))))) )))!!

y
i0)qls!)!))q)) !)!!) !!))))
!))(!)! h!qxje)
 ()je!)) !) !ro!!))) c!tp!)))))())!(!) !) )))!
!y
!)! t0

)wn!!jpe)))x)(!))))!!y!)))))( i!)q)!))!) wr!)) 1yem!v)y)!) !q())!(!)!)!)!(!)()!!!))) 1)))( wret!()!!)))!))))())))))!(!!)))))))(!y!)!)qle!!!)a!!))()!)) ()!)) )b o-)) !
he!) a) )1!) !!)!)) ))) )c!))))! )c))jxt!))-)!!e!xs!!v)!)1' w?szf!e e)(et!))!)!)))!) ))))!!!!)))))))!!!)))) wrwl)qxzedo)))!y))) h!))9ej)))))!)!!!))!()))))) )) (k)k! (w)jo t!)))))))))))))()!)) w!)! th!)())))!()))(!))(())))!))!() i ()()!!)) wra!q 
t o!!!!)q))) ())! ()!))!)))))))!))!)())()( i 0 axajol)) j0s)) t! t!) ))))) a)))!!)!)))(8))))!) wr!)!! h!(j!(!))) w) th))e))))!!)j)) !) ar!!a!)a!))) ())!) ))! wha)(!)!))))!))!)! (! ))!)) (z!j( s!)))! the!(
))!)(((!)))!((!()))(()!!)()(()!))() sr))qqqzo!d!y n)))!j)) ))))))) )!()!) !!))) )((w!!) ia)q3jkjee(i)))p!) ))))!!)))) ())!))!)))!))))) ()) i 0mt!!!!! )n!!) !))))!!)) w!))))!!) )! the!(!)))))()())((())!))!)!))!))!)!))))!) wrpi(!!))!!!)!)!!((!!)!))!)!!!!)!)) )))!)!

y
i()!!!))!!))) ())!()!)()!))!!))! w!
h)()t)))!!))))))))(9u!!) i 0
(wo!)))q)lj)))cat!)q())g!))() )))))) wrw!qo!'!d!) i))!)
i)c)(m! to)!*b!))!!)!))) !) a!!)))))) il
a)x!!)!)))c) !x]f!j!! in!!) )z!))))))) )poara))o!))))q))w)!!)))!!!y))))!))!)) )))))!
30, ana!)))))))) ))) ()!))) wr )!)!)

in!)))) wro)!aa!))z! !))))!)))()) )(
() ar)ra)!)))))))) !))!()!)))))!) )))() wr!)))) wro ()t!)j))
)))() (y) t!) (z)))!))( !)(!)) sri)!
(!))))!)!))!))))!))))!))))(8:))!!()) 
 
y
 ((
 a!!!)() sr)!)))) wt!)) ()!)))!)) )! !))! h8)))!) tr))m!!)) )))!)))))!!y ())))!!!)))))))!)qle!qar!t!q!v))) f)q!()) ()la()! j)))))))(5)!) i! to)))())))!))))!))!!)))))))!)))) w!)))))) wllona )!)t!)j)) ))))) )!)))() !))))))))!)))!
at)!qqx)a(c)!!)q!yyo)te)() !))) ))))) !!)))!!)c!)))))!))))!
)) wrarh!!()))(() !)(!())!!))))!) ))!))))!))) wrwli!)()))()))))) wr!!u!d)l!)) ))) )p()!)!! i
o-())))))) t)!!

(!!!)) )po!r!)))p!)z)) )) or!(!()!))) !y! )) !)))) w)) th)
)!))!)!!
1; in!)qqe)!)) ((w!))) )!!!))))))))))
o!a!e!) t
 h!!!))))wn)!))!)))!)) ())))))!))!)()(?) an)()))!)!)())))!)))))!))))!)!))))) w) (knh!)(!)!))))!)))))))()))))!))!)))))()))) wlro)
! s
i ))q
i)a th!)))c!)))))!!))))!)!))()))!!!) i!)!)()) wro!j: o!))q(
(5 0()ccat]()!) !!)) !)))!!)) ar!)()ll
e!!)m(!))) !) ha!)))) j)!)! ))

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
" finally, brethren, pray for us, that th"
 finally, brethren, pray for us, that th!!!)))))))!)))!))())))))))!))))!!)c)!)) sri!)!)))))!!!!)))!!!)))))!!! !)))!))!()jou'e0!
 qijl!0)n
0!!(()!)) t)))!))! ()))) )) wr! a!o (v)) hr)!))))))()))(!!))! )!!)!!)) )))) ))! (zeru!
*(alt)()!))!!())!))))))))!
a!)))))))!)ql)(lan!ri)!)) a))m!)) (!)) !isa!(emm))!))))))))))!!(j!)!!o ))!)!)())) ()) io(0))ee!()
!!!)))!)))) h!!jo!)!!) !))) )so!!!y)! th!)
! t!))()) (!))!)!)!!)))) ))))!)!)!)) wra )hr))))
a!)))!)! ())) )c!)( )) )c!))!)! he!(([)!))n!!))! ))))))))))))))!))!!))!(2ha!qem!(()))!
)(!!!)!!)) !y!)))))) )))) wra(!ei!(
(e (!*!)) ! sr ))))!)))!())))))))))!!(!!)))))) )!!))!

y
o)(()!)))))))))) ((!))!))!(! ) a!)) wra!ea!!eoqer (!))))!))))))!) )))))()))))))))!)!!))! wllo ee!
()))j!!)))! (!!)) )) a!!))!))()!)))) wha
9
0q i!)!)()))))))()))) !y!))!)))!!!
1; i! a
ye!(
!!!))))))!))))!))) ))))))) )c))))pean
ae!ke))))()))) !)) !)))))))!))))!))))))!
ata!)qq))!!)! !)d))!)!!))!))!
an!))))))!) !)) !))!)) ! ()))) !y 
em()
o)))))))))))) !))) i 0:t!)))) )ci))) wrah)))!!))!!!) ))))))))!()!!)!)!) i!)!) 
5r?k  x'!jzyt])())wn! !)) (! !))))!())!)))(9!)()))!!!o
c
 0*vn!qko!) ))))))() w)e!ti))!)))!)3!

y!er!()
!)))1)) wr!))))() (
)))!) w!(
t!)zee!)
(r! ()!)) wr!q)j)l(to!(!qd))!))))) )))) w!)!)))!)) !( )b!)) ax
7, a(qm)vjut)
))!)))() w)))) )!))))!) !))) 1yi)m!ye!qi?!)))z)!)) ()!) )! th!!!q)!)))!))) w) !
o))q)l)q)))) !))))) who!!(i)))!)))()))))!)!!)))))))))(8!)!!) wrh[tt!)!((!!!!)
())) !)!)38!!)j))( s!!))) ha!!))))))()))))))())())) (!!)) )))))))!

9: ana!9 
o!))))))!!o)l)!))!) !!)!))!))!))!)) wra)joq00  0hn!))))) ()) )man
!())! ))))))))) wrho!
()!))))) ) )!!)) !) )) (kno!!))!)!)) ()) sr)!))m()!!m(())))))!!!))!)!))) (k!)))!()jo an)])(!))!))
!))!)) w)) (ze!))!)x)))!)) wrauee!!))))))!)!!!) ))))!)!)))()!!)!))))))) wha(qe!!)))))i ))))))!!)) )c!x)) br!)))!!!))!!!))))!!!))!)!! th!()!())))))(!!!))((!!!()()(!()!)8)) ()) h)


0qai!
!))q(wo!)))))))!!)!))))) !))))
in!)q)e)!))) or)())!)))k!! )))))!))))))!
a!a (k)))!!! hi(())!!))()!()())!)!!!))!!(!))()))()))(38: ta!)(
uq!)!))))))))!) !y (! th!)!![))))!()j'))!) wro)!q)m))))))!)))))(7rn!!))!!)))!)!))!)()()!)))!!)))))) !y j0!ne
te!))))))))!!!))!)))!))) h)!
t!!)))!))!))) ))))))) (z!que*)))c
!( xt!o0x5c
ca)e!)p!)))))!!))!))()!)(!))!!))) )!))) an))o)!)))))))))!)))))))))))! () () !()lan)!!)()!))))))!))(!) wra(()q))!))) i!!(! rno)))!!!)))e)))!)))!) (!!!!!))!!)! (!))!! ta!)t)))x)c) (! ())) ))!)!))))
!) th)!!)))e))e!l)(())!))))!)) )()! t))!!)) wra!e!ta)()!!)))))) !)!)

on)!())!))))!)!))!)))!)))))!)))!!!! ()l!q
tra)))!)))))))))!)((!)))!))))))!))))))!)) wrpeel!))!j))) (!())) !) )) a!)))!)!)))!)!!)) wran]th!(!)! )p!! (
()) () )!)) h!))))!())) )lnee)(q)!))) wlji!0!!
))w!jou!)!)!))))!)!))! !))!))!))!!))))(!)) !)) sr)!)(!))!e!)e!!)q)( t!u]p!  xnt!)))!))))!!(b!it!))! )p!!!) !is)m 
!)z)
is))(6!) o!))))w)) th)))e))!)))))))))))))) !))!!!) 0?)! t))(kno!))))))!)))))!)))!))!)))())) ))))(!)!!

y
o)((!)))))!))))!!)))!))))!))))!!)()! h)



te)((!)))))((!))!!!)) !)!)))) !)!!)) a!)) ora))! ())))en!!)!)))!)) ))) )!))))))!!!)) wr'sq7)t!k))))))! t!y!ox!
he!())))!)!)()())) h!)
()!)!))! ))))))) () 
' wa
))(!!
1;)
1yn0
!)nt !)
()!)!!)))) (! (!) )k)( ! ))! th)!))())!))))!!))!)))(())!)!!)())(!)(!) th)))))()!)!!!(!!)))))))!))()!!!))) ()))(5uti)))))))))))))))))!)))) !y))) !))))!))) sr)!)q!!!())ler!!( t!to!)!)) ))))) !!))!))!)) (z!j))))) w)) w)x th)xjee
a!)!!))!!) 0!))!))()(())))!!!))!))) )poare!)(i!))q!)!()))) ))! (! (!)(!))))))) )poar!)i
o!)!)a!!)))))) )))))!)
)) )bo!)!!)!)9 an))()!(())))))) ha!)!)))))))))))))))!))!)))!))!))))!!))) ih)ta((()())!))))))!!)(!)()))(!)))!)()!) i!aree!(()))))))) ()))(!y )))))))))))!))) )) axeng!qh))))) w!))))))!))!))!))))))) ))) ()) an!))n)qx!e!(ej?)n!j!))))))!) (k!))!)) (zera())))!!))))))))))!)()!))))))!)!

ou!)))))))))))))))))!)))))))!)))!))))))!) wrp)i(q!(q-0 (c-)!) wr!))!) )!!) !yw!))!! 2r)c8!!()l!)5y! (p!) 1u!) ))))()())) !) ar t) 
t)l!))) t!)))))) ))))!))))))))) ())) th)))!!!-))) ))))))) j!))()))))) wr!)x!)) wrae!qo!p!!)())))!!))))!))!)!))!) )c)b!!))! ha))(
t
a))))!)))))))))!!!) (()()))))))!

8!) ina!(q!)))))))!)))!!)!!))))!)
())))))) )poer!))(())!!!!)!)!!!!)))!!!))()!))))))())) wr o!!)()!)))!)))!(!!)!!()!!!)!)))) )p!))(!y h)))))!))!)))))))))!)!!!))())!
-----------------------------------Iteration 18
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!(!)(!!!))(())(!!(!)()))!!! an))()))))))))))))))))))()))))))))) th!)))qi(((((((()!!(!)! 1;(15:!!)(())(!!!

jo ()()(!!!((!!!!!!!!!!)!!)!((!!!)! ()l!!) th))(!!(()())) ()) 1wn!(!)((!)!)(!)((!)!!)!)!!!!!!
!uo!
!qqge m!)())!) )p5!)) ()(()!)))()((z)!!()))!(yo)qon!())()) (! !) ())!)()j'! a!)))(!)((zili((!!(())!)!)!))!!!!)(!))!))! ())) 1!) 1wh()((!))()(((!!(!!!!!!)))((q!)) ()k!) wroe!!())))))))))))()))())() (()!!(!!))((! tzeon)))
()!!()()j(()! (z!!!)(!!(()!!!))) (zezlmh
ut!())()))!)(!) (mi)())!()()!)(!!)()()!!

y
o)))!)()())))!))))((())))!))()))!)!!o


eoe)(((((!)!)())()!! ()!)!()(()!))(9(! () tr)(t())(()j) t!(w!ij(g!))!))())()))!)!()ju ta!)!)(!!))))())!!)())!)!)))!) ((((ze!)! h((nt!!()v!)))())))))))(()j)((!)!)(8!!!!()) th))i(( me)())))(!))!!()))))!(!))) (((!!!

(()(? ita))))(!)!!!!)!!!)!)!) (((! ())())) 1)) t1
t!)!)(!)(!((()()((((())((((z) (( ((! th!)(
)!()())())(((!!)(((!)!)) (k!))))((! th!)()())()))))))((!)!!()()())()()())((()j' wra))(!!()!)!)!!!!))))))())))(5))))(!))!) th))))q()((())))!)))(()(())((z))( th!!))( i!(s!)))()(?)))qa!)()()!!!!)()(! th!)(()q(()))))))k)j! ((w)j!!!) an)!)(()!)))))))))))!))()))))))) ())!!!
o!))e!))))))))()()(!))!)()))))(()(!) (kno(q((!)
t)( (!!!)()((!))!))!) ((!()())((zlm)
())))))))))())(()))))(()!!)!) () (k! the!((!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!(())!()!!!!(! th()(()))()()(((()((()((zeru!)(((!)(!)((!) 1we)((()((!!!!!!!!!!!)!)!!!)!!)!!!))!!

jo.cjwr!((())!))!(j) !!)!)(!)())) 1!)((!)())( hra)
()!)))!))((!)))()))(())()))(((()(!! an(! t)!)))))))))())()))))((()))))!) h!!) 
q!y0q te!(ee))!!!))()!) (kn!!!)((()))())!(!))!!

)) 
y 8
)c


i!()!))!)))) (z!! (w!()(!!y)
a!ajaqu 
4(!((((!) (ze! ! tr!!)((((!()))((())(!!!)(((!!)) (z!!
()) 1we)(((()()(!)))())())))()(())))))()) t 
)(!!!!)!)))))!)))(()))!()j0((!)))()(

o!a!x t  :
a'joi(e!!j
w!)!)))((!(()(!))!!!))!) (! n!)!)!5e(zrt
()(!))))))))))))))))))) th!))!))))(r!) at!))())z:!!!)(!))()))!!(!) 1))) (h!)(5!(? h ()! () (ze!(! nn!))!!!!))))!)))!!!)) ((!))!!)))))!)())) t (k 0)t)))!!)))!(z)) 1'aho!))))(q))(!!)(9 t!!)))(8(()j()!) (k!) 1wr!)((((((((()!)(!(((!)!)(((((!(())!!)junn()((!!!!!!!)!!!!!!)!!!!!!)!)()((zrh!!((ze t
 uu))(! th!)))(!!)!!()!)!!))()!!)))!)!)(!!
()((zert!))()(((!((!(!((((!(!!(

5:1(
x 0en)!qe!)
i
a)())(!))!)))((!) (()j(f (!) (kno)(())))!w o!!!(((!))!5))))))((!)())!!!!)()() ((wo!t!())))))))()))!))))))))))))))))!)!
(7roi((()!!!!bme!)))!!)) (!!(!!)!))!!)()()!))(())())!!

jo ()()!)((((())))))!))(()))((()(((z!) (() tai()))())))))(((()(((()())))))()!!))))!) wra!t
()(!)()(!!!!!)))()()))) th!)(())((!!)(())()()))))()(((((()))(!!() the!(()!)!!!)!))((!!!!(!!!!!!)!)()!))!!!!

jo 
)e!()()))))()))(()!!!)()(((()()(!))(()j' h)04!t!((!!!!) or)(((!!))) ()(!))!)))!!()!!!!!)(((!!!)() th))jyi)u ) ((()((!)!)!)()())(((()!()!)!!!
(zezrteqn!
((()l!j!m!(!))!)()))((!)()(!!)(!!!) tze'xxt m((t!(!() ()!)!! (w! !! t!(()))((q)l!(! the!)((((!)((!)!)!!)!))((())(!)())!(!(()! 1: th!!)o!))))))))))))()!)())()())()(!) (!!!

j; he!((!!))!!))))(!!!!)!!)(!)!)(((!!!)!(()j' h(0q
(e!)))!)))))))))((((zin!))()jne)q)!)j!)) () ()))!
(ziqa!h!8(!)))()!)!()j)))))))!!))))(5:1
o!))!)))()!)!!())(!)(((()!) (()()!(((zle!t
!!))))()))))()))())))))) (() 
'))) ((wo!i)!))))!!)))))))!))!)((!(())) ((!) 1 o!))(!)))))()())()(())(()))(((((!)))((q!yo(!)(()(((((!))))))))(!!)))())(!(()((zera a)()))(()))!d)))(!)))())!!)()()!()(5!! y
tj0e!!!()((((z)(!) !)!)! ((!!(!!!)) ((! ln(((!!!!!!!)!))(!)(!))!!))(!!(!!!)))()) an(!()(!!!!))))))!)))))))()) (()(())() (zera! ()((!)(!!)!)!)) (!)(y)l!((! ((ziy)k!ns((((zl)!)!))!))!)))(8(((!) !(!() t!()! 1w)a(e!(
(()))))() )( the!))!()!!(!)(!!!!!)!!!!!(!!!!)!!!!!!((! th!)()()))!))))(!)))())())(5)))((((z))))!


y
i())))))))) !)!!)))) )!))!)(zl!)!)!!

y
o)(!(())))))!)!!)!!!)!))!!!!)!(!)()! th!))))))))))(()()((!()!)(!!)!!(!()! (()( tr (0)((((((!!!!!!!!((!!!)((!!!)!(!!(!!() tjok!ment
))))()()()) t!(!!!)j(!)!() ()!!)(!!(! nnt))())))!)()!!)!!!!!(!!!!))())(())))((!) 1we!(()((!!!!!!!!!!)!(!!!!!!!!!)!!!!!) h(
)q4t!(z!)())()((() (!(!)((()(!))(()) 
qlem!()())!)!)(!!!))!!!!!)()!!)(!!) (!)(y)l
keg!
h tt!)()!)(!()!)(!()!)(!!!!))()!!!!()! ()((zlii!a()( t)k)q!prh() ()!)))()))))()))))!()j(!)!!!)!)!)()) 
qlem!!)((!(!!)!)!)((!!)!)!)!!!)!!)!(!)(! hra())())(!)))))))(()())

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!(())(!!))!)!)((!!))!))(((! th!)()(()())))!)))!))())!))((((! ()))!)()joue!!m)((!(()()(!)))())()((()) 1we)!!((()(!())))))))())((!!)!) (())()(? hra()()!))()!!))())(w)))()()j()))!)))(!) an(!))!!!)))))))))!)!)!!!)) ((!)!!)!) (zer(
(((()()))))))))))())()((()j() trit!)!()(e!(
 )))))))) (()((!(((!())((!!) a)ajq  (o!))))!!)) ((kno)!)))))())))())!)))))))()))))))))))()() an()()))))))))))))))))!!)(!))))(8(!!!
(zerak)k;x:u!et!)(e !(()ht!!!)))!))() ()))( (ze()()() (() (zera!)(())())!)))))!)(j! (((kne!))))())))()) 
je(0'2 t!((v)))(!y)ld!))j(y! rj8(g)!!)! ! ) t!!) 
? rnc)() ()!)())!!) ((())( (()!)(!)!5)!)))((zimi(()))()!)!)!!!!!!))!!))!!!!))!))! t!) 1w!))( i!!)) (ze!))!)!!) 1()j!) 1w!!)!)!!!)(!!!)(!
a! ((k 
ta)!(())))( (()())(())(())! ((! ()(!!!!
an))!))!)!(())())(())!!!())) 1 
k!(zer!
as) 
()w!ql)t0!)!)))!)))!!))!) ((())(5!) inan!)))))!))(!)))))))!)))())())))!!!)()j) tr)((!!)))())()(())((()((())() th!()(!)((
h0))()p(on! 1o))(ta)(z!)!!!!)()) ((((!) (kn!
()))!!))))c((a)a
h((((()c!)))(5,!)!!) ((!!)) (((kno!!)))) (())))!))) ())) () ()())((!)))!) h!()e!()(!)()!(!)()(!)!(())) 1t!oe)l!)!) 
kd!(t!()c!()!(1; (!!!)!()()()!()!)(()) 
e ((
())()()())()(()(((((!)()()(!)(!) 1w)q
jqja!m)(
()!))()!)))()(z)))() (((kn!!))!
!
ihe)))((!))!()j)!!)))()!()(?!)()(!)) (zera! 
te)((!!))(!)!())()!(!)))((! t!!))!)(()(x ish)(q (e!!)!!))(!))()!)!())!)!8!()))(!) (kno()))a!j!(
the!(()())!()!)))))))((())!))!))(!!))!(!! 1:1
o!)()())!!)!))((())()(!))!!)((((! (!

y
o)))))(())))))))))))(!))!))!))!))))) an)a 6qo!))(()(!!)!!()!!!!))!))))!) (! (8)

j.

h!oi!)!))))!!)(()()!)) ()())!) ()(!) ((wo!)t t))())))))))))))))))!)(!!!)))))!)()) 1((k
(qle
(0t)!)()) (k!))j)cn)t!)!))!))(((z!(!!!) tze'f! th))(j(k!()!))!!!))!)) w! (!!!))(8!!(()( tr ()
((((!!(!(()()((!!((!)(!!!(!((!!))((5rkn)*o (q!!!!)!)!)()(!!(!)()))(!!)))!()))) th!)!!(jn)(
)!)5:)) 1wc!
!!)!!)()))((!!!9: th!!n?)(t!))
a!)())! 1w! (zr())!!)) (((!!

in!!!jqaje)wt!)! h()))(t!!)))()()) ((!(!)))()) 
')) 1 
'!ponl))(()()!(())(()!)!!!) ((!)!))(!))(!))! 
j;o 
e a!(()))))(!)!))(((!!())(()))(.))()) ((kno (()!))!)()())))!()())(!)()))()())!)))!!

y
o)(t!!(()!!!)))!)))())(!y ((!!)!)!)!) t (f)(()))))))((!)())((((((()!)())(((!!!

y
o))
()))))))(()))))())!)))))()())!)) wlta(o))(((((!)))!))(!!)!!)))!)) (kn!)!)))((mayiy (t)q
u)!)))!!))(!)()( ((((!())(!))!) ha!))!())))))))(((((((((()))(((zi)(((()! the!)!!!))!!!)!!!(!)!!!!!!)!()!!)()))((!!

y
o)))!)))!!!!!!!!!!!)!!!)!!)))))(())! 12 
zio)(i()(!!)))))))(!)))))))!) (z)jo!j0') ki()!!)(!)!)!))(()!))(!y! c!te)!))!!) (! tat))))))!!m!))!)(()))()))())(()))())((()j' wra)))!)))()!)))!!))))))())()))))))))(!!) tjoee)!)!)())))()))!!))))))))!!)()((!!)(!!) tzehx x0no!ee)))()! () ()!!!)!)(!!!(!!)(9))() t!) ('sen()))(!)(!!)!!!))!)!!!))((!)))()())) (knd!)(!!!!!!!)!())))))!)!)!)))(!))()!)!))) 1tee!)(i(m!(!)))))!)(!)))!))!!!!!(!!) (! ((zle t))())))))))))))())))))()))()))() ()))((qle!!t)()))))))))))))))))))))) th(!))x(!!) () (kne ()))))!)()!!)()!)(!!) t1(th)))(()))()( ta!!t!)))))()(())((((!)))!()!!!)((((!)() the!ee((((!!)))!))() (k!!!!!!!)!)(!!!!)(! () an((()!o!!! i)c!(!!!()!!))!!)) (k()!(?)(9hh))!!()l!!)))())) )p! ((kno)!))!)))()(!)(?)!))))()))!) ()!))()))!
8

eve!((!)(!(!)))(!)!)))()(()!))(()))()(()(x is)t!)h)te)
)m!()(())!)(!!)(!)))!(!(((z)(!)! ((kno(!)!))())()))(()()())()(())())! (())!)(6'3he2qm!ea! a()(!)()()())))))))))(!)!)((()())(8:1
o!)))(!))))()!)())(()(!)(((!()(!)! 1(w i!()t0)!(())jje!()ba!! j?)) a)(f t
()lo()!) 1x!j)!(()( ((w)jyi)() 
(z! ())() it!))()!))!(!!!)))()())))))(5)!) h!qr!!!(l))()( f()()m!))!!)) )vn!))( (!! 1 tr)((e)!)!!!))))()))(()())) (()()) t!)(!!

in
()!!)!)))()))))))) a!)() t!()) (!(

on())()))))())!)!)!)!)!)!)!)(!!)))!))) (zezlmhjeee!n)(!))!!

(((ze())((((()())))(!!)(()j' h))(
()())))))) th))q i)(!!!)))))) (( (!!)) ((())())(!!)(8:1(! y
o!))(! 

t!qv)!)()(?) 1wrh(()!!!)())!(!))!)!!!)!()((!(!!!)))!
()j0; th)t)
(((!)))!)()!)!!)!))())() ((!)(!!)(!

y
o)()(!)))))))))))))!!!!!)!!))!)!!))!
8

t
(0((ap)(m)!!!!)((!(()!!))((zimi(() () ()))) ((!)!(!! 1)jo!)) (!!
!) 1w!
e)te!))!!)!))!!!y
!)))!)(()!!!)(()) 1we)(()!))!!)!))(!y)!!)!!))()( h!((()()())(()()))!)(zl!))!!))!!!((()(!) 1we!((((((!!!!)!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!!!)!) th))!)()))))())))))!)())())))(())

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!)(())!!!))!))((!!(!)())((()jueki)t0!
(
j!vx!!) )!!!)()(!)!) th!)(!()))()))(((()!(!))(((!!(()((!!))!(! th[)(!)))(()())()!()!))!)(!!)())((()j))(!y a!aja!er!(())v)c(()w!) 1!())!)!! 1)!q)) 
q(z!) 1wr!(
())!) ()x!! (
an!)())())!!()!!)))) ())()()()j) t!(1((zin!t0))))))))) ))(( ou)(()!))()))((()()()(!)())((!()! (!(((()jo h(((!(((!!()(((((!!!(!)())!) ()!(!((!!((

h!(0!(
t
(!()(r))n!)))(!)))))!()(c
qle!!i!!! ())((!!) t!)!!)))) th!)!))!)()))())!)!(! t(ki)()(())((!((!(! nnt!)()!))!!())))!)()!))!(((!!)))!!)(!()!) 1wh!((((((())(!!))!!))))!!)(!! )(!((!!) tjke)g(1te!n!!!)!!)(!)!) (! ((q!(()(!!!)!8!)() (zera!)))(()))))()))))))))())))))(5)

y
o)cc
q'e!!!)(!)))) () (k!))!!!)!!!!!!((!))) tze!
ise!)))!)) (!q(!)) ((!)!)(())())(!)(3(!() th!)q(((!!))))))))())))!)(z!()!(.!)!!() 
' on)(!!)n!)((!()))!)()!(((!()!!!(!!!))(!!) tjo
tt!)()())))))))) an))!!!e!!(!))) ()!!!))) 1 
k!t7w)
t)((!) 1w))((()(! )((!)) (k!!))!(z)t!)(!! th!)())(!)((((!))(()(()!)()) ((!!)(!))(()jy 0xxvo1
o(
()lo!)!() ()j))))(8h-m))j) (k!))!9) is!qk)(8(ca!e!
i
d!! !!!) t!!!)!))) (!())(9t!)()(!!

y 7z
o ()!(!)))(!))()))((()()()(! ( (!!) th!!()!)))!))))!)())))(())((()!)((()!)!!!

jo ()(((!))))!!))))))))!)(!))))(!)) ((y!)) in)m!!()()))!)()))()!))))((!(!!!))((8!)(

ou()(())(())(!)!!)))()!))))(()!!!!!!)(9!) h(((t! (()(()()))(((((!()(!)) ()(()!()(? ha(tt(()qh!)qa)(!((! ln!()!()((!)()())!(!)))!)()!)(())((!))(!) an)n)(())))))!)!)!)(!)()!!!)(()!)()()) (zezrix' o)(
tr)r!!!)(((())))(!)(!)!!)((!)((!(!!!)(!)) 1wh!(()))!!!)!!!!!!!!)()!))!!!))!))!))!
5u
()!!)))))))))!)))())!))!) ((kno))))()!!))(!! 
()ci!e!(m!()(()))))(!)(!

y) (()la!)(z))! 1'7eeit!(!!!y !))())) ()) 
() 
(9:8 t!) 1()((knn!((!!!))!!!)))!!)))))(!!)()!)()!)!)((!(

o!)(
)))!)!)))(!)!))))!)())))(()j' wr!r!)!eqina!qjto)j0o!!))))!!!)())!()!)!!))(!!)(!y! t!)!yz0
jasoijd!is!)(!!!)(((()(!()j(!!(!)))(!!!(())) (kno(
(())))))))))!)!))))(!)))))))))!)))!!) wra)!!
()
(t!)((z!(!) 1w!()))()!()) h)()!)) ()) ((((!(())!!)((())() (() ((w! th))!(())))))))))((())((((z))))( h!))!)((q(((e)y))) ()!!) )cnn
! ()(!((!(()() w)!) in)((z!) (kn!)!))i tri(())(!))))))!)(!!()!)(((!!)!!()())))()) 1wo!!))))()))!)!))!)(()(()(((()))())))) th)))!)((()))))))!)(()())))!)())())) (()! ana!e)(((((!!!!!!))!)))(()!))(((())((()))(.0qj(()((!))) t! 1to))((!(!!!!!((w)w)))(7r!t))()))!((!))!!

jo ()q)e!)()! (8h()!))(!!)(()j((!!) ()())) th))()k.
x
o!xe)c)j(q(k!)c!y ()!)()!!!(()((z!))() () t(vexh1 ( 0?!) o!
!(e))))!)!))))()((!))!!))!) ((k! ()j(? in!!jue!()p))))))))))!))vy (!!) ()j((z!(8he!o)e xe)(! t!())!(!)))()))))(5!)) !y!())(! (wo!e)(!(t!!h!()j() a(())()!)(j! j(! (() 
' ono!!)!())()!)(!)()))()))())())))!())(((()j' ol(((!!(()((!(()((((((!!!))((()()((z)(!(
t0?arajjo())((((()))!)(! th)!))!(z))())( t!!y!) 1yl!n!(!)!))((!))(!) () o!e!o)(!)(())!)))) (z)()(!)!)())(!! ((k! t!jektt!())))))))())))()))()!())()) a(!)!)!(j) tr!!))w
 0(!

in!b)()!)!))())(!!!!)!!!))!)((zi!)(!) 1to)(!)(()!!!)()!!!!!!)!))))!!()!)5!)) (z!joa(yze't)se)e)(!)(!())(((()!!!)!!)))))))!) (kno)!)))!!(!!)(((()(()!!)) a!aj((w!)())()! th((())!!)!!!!!!!!!!!))))(!!()!)(((!))(!) an)!a!i)(!))!)!!))()((!)()) (((!!!)!!!(

o!a())))

()))))()())((()))())(()!) th)(()(()(((())))))))))()))))() (()))((!(
o ()qee!(!!))(!!)!))(()!!)))))(())(!))!!)juen!!((()!!)!!!!!!)))())(((((!)()(()) ()!
ana!!(())))))()()((())()(())(!)) (((k)! (! ln((!!))((!!!!)))))(!))!))()())))()!())) 1 
ne!(())()))())((()))))())(())))))))) (z)) 1m ' oro!))!)!)!)((!)))!))()!))!)()!(((!)!!!())nj0'aarxxy ( (q(kno))))))!)()))!!))))!!)))) ((!)( h)))))))t
qyee (((z!j)!()t!)!)!!(()) (!!!)(!!)) ()!() tai(
iek!'!((()!)9!!)!!)(!)())!(()())!(!!) (kno!0(!)))))je!)) ()j(!(()))!))))(()!!!)) 
j;o a
e!((((!!!!))!)!()!!!)!!!)!!()!!) (k)()) t1 d((
))!
)sqj)( l!)q's(()((w!!!)!!)(!! a(co (!((!!))))!!))))()))))!!))) 1()jo!)j()! th(((t!(
!n())) (! ()(! !!!(()!!!))!!)(!) 1we!(()!!!!!!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!!)())! 1wh!)!()(w)) 1w (ann!!))(2(z!))))(()()!))!


y!y!)q! tr!)!
())(!(()j) th!))((!))!((!!!)()!)!(()( (())!(()()(!!!

yee(!()))()(())()j))!))))))))))!!)()()) an)!!l)
(tqi!))(!!)) s!!)(9!!(!(!)!((z) !lomt!!)w!)()))) (()!))) ((w!))!9()))(5!!!) 1wh(((((!!!)))))))(!!!)!!)!))!!!))) ()! int!!0!!))))))()(8)((((!)(!! in!!t!)((()(()ja ari)())!!))!(!)!(

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!(!)!!!!)!!))(((!!!))())(!) an[!!(d!))))))))))))())!!)()))()) ()!! (wnr()!)! i)t))))))(())))()))())))))))))!!(kee)((((()(())(()((())))((()()))))!)))) th))!)jzzl!e)qm)!)))(!)!)!)()!!())!) (!(! (!()j' ha())(!)))!!!(!!!(!!)!(!!!!(()(!!((!!)((sp0! a)((8c)(wse!)!())(()!)(()())) ())!(!)! ()j( i(7j(vte!!()())) r!!rn!e!)
)(!))))!(((!(! n!! (kno!q)((((!))!)())) (!(()!)!)())!()j((!)!!

jo ()
)((()))((()))())))(()(!!!(!(!))!8()! th)()(!))!!))))!!!)((!!!
(!!) an!()))((()))))))))))()))())))))))())! (zeri  0)qqii(!)(!)(8:)))))) th!))((()( (!)!!!()!()p!j9(!!) ()(()((!)!5yjun((cn()(ws(()!)))(5))(!!)!)!!!)!)) t!!!) (kno ((!)))!)!!))))!)((!!)l(()(!)(())()!)(!(ist)
m!((((())!!!))))(!!))(!)(()j()() wra))n())))))(())()!!(!))(()(()))) (()(!)) 1we((((!)!!!!)!)!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!))!!()juent))()))(()))!))() ()))(()())) ((! (()))(35: th!!(()(!(((())(!)(()!!()()!!)!)!) ((!!!!

o!o!!)!0!)!()n t!0(!)())))(!)(!))(!) (z!!)(((()()(? ((wn)
i(t))))))))))))!) ((z)jo!! 
eh!!()!()()!!)()))))))))!)!))(())) ()! ata()(o!()))!) !!! ()((z!!)!)jkeo)!()))))) )pq() a))juer!()))(())(5()))) (z!j0(!)) ((! ()j(v!)(8:1 t4weme!() 1( h)(())()!!)) )!!!!)))() (!)!()()!(!) (!) 1; i!
i!)))q (zro o!)!!o!)))8)(!) ()() (()(!()!((())(!)((! th!)(((((((())))))))))!)()(!))))(5,))((!!

o!o a()(()()()!())(!)(!!))((!)!!))(!!) (()( tr!q))()()))))())))))(!!)(5(

(w!(!!)(((zit)!((()((ton!)!!!)))(!)()()))!(z)! (() ())!!)!(!!! y
o
o(()())(!()!))!!)(!())!)())(!()!(!!!!((usi()()))))))))))))))))(()))(()jn! () (!) 1w!()(!!(!!!)))))) )pqqan!)e)))((!j))(!
!y!))!()(()j'(! th)))()())(((!)()((!()()(!))))((()()())((zlm)
())))!))))!)!))!!!!!!))))!)()j() (z)jo (zer!0qkm!))(!! ((((!!)))) (!)(y!) h!)!)))(
(!ame!!(()) ()())))!8 (()l)!()! (k! th))!)))((!)!!)(!)(!y)!)8) )((!()(!!))!((zit)th(!(!)))!!!!))())))))!!)!)!!!)!))))) th!)((q)!)())))!!))(()))()()!())()()(!!(! th!
t))(!!)))!)))!)())))))!))))(!!(()()!) 1'8jann!m ())!!)())!)())(!)))!!))!) (())))(!()(x thw!o te!))!!)!!)!!)!!)())!!)))))()!!)(!!())(!) 1we)(((!!!!!!!!)!!!)!!!!(!)!!!!)!!!!)) 1ten))())(((())))!()()))()!)() (z)mne!)! !sknjqumt!))v))()!()))!)(!!(()!)!))(9!)!)()!)!!o0e!oq(()!!)!)))!))())()(!!))!!)(8!) ha(!))!)!)!)))))!!!!!!)!))((!))!()!)(!!(uha(i(()!)))!!!!!!!!))!!!!!!!!!))))(!!o!) 
ek)(
()))!!())()))))(6')!!)) (kno)!)(!!!))) h!)))()))))))())())))))))))!


y
o)()!5yko((w
) o))())((((((z)!!())!)!)()!)))(!) an))(b!!!))))))))))!))()))())!))(9!))) (zezlwhq
to!))))(((()(()!((!)(!!) !))) ()!)(!
!!(? ha(
i!))!))(!qi)l)p!))e)))tt!) ((!((ze!!
an))9x!)!!)()j) (() (() ()!!!)!))(5.!) 1w!()))!))))) ()())! th))))(!)(! l
(((()()!)()(!(!()(
(!)!!)(!)!)!
()j(' ita)))))!))))()))))!))))))))))!)))))((((zin!qu!n!(!(()))()! th!)!)(() ())!())) (()j(!) 1(((!)()! (((! l
((!
((((())))())!)((()(x in!) ( !!!((zli)wm))(((w)joath)))! (!((((zl!)()))! (()!))))!!!)!!!))) 1te)qi!t0)!
()(()j)) h())!(!!((!)!((!!)!)!!()))))))()()!())) 1me!)((!!(()!!!!!)(!!!!)()! th)(!)()!)!)!()()))(!!)()!)!)))(((!) ((!(? hra()(
(7)())(p!()()))))))))))))()))(((zit(!((())())))))))))))))))))))))() th()q)
(!)()()))()()!)())()(((!!!(()))!(! th)))))))))))))))))))))))))))()()() t(!!(zlemtt!t))(((!)(! th!)(!q))(()))!)()())(((()! ( h)!))!)!(!!)!)!)(!)!!!!!!!)!!!!!!!!)()((zrher((((!!)))))))()!)))(((()()((()())((!!( ti(7
 ()!!)((!))!(zezii))())!
)()))(5!!!)))((q(z!! h(!))())))(e)()(())!!))) t! t1! (ql)!0h!as
ie))(t)())!) ()((z!!)!!(!!!)!())(!) (uy (
u!!())(5))(!
(!!)!!!
(! ln(!!!!))())!)!!)))!)))))!)))()())!!)()(? h(

t
o)()((()!)) 1()lo)eo! (()(!!!!(!)! ((!!) (!))))) !y!) 1 (t)ct)!te!!!))(() (!((!!)))!((((! n!!!)(!) an)!)()()))((()()(!)!))))))))))()!)(!! (wnnt!)))))))))))(!((!)))))))())))!)()!)()() tai((ia)t)))61()!!))))!)!(!!))))))!)!!)!


uen))))())))!))))())))!)!)))()))())(!!)!) th()]))7()ne!()()!)) ((k))()))()(!(!))!!!o
 x00 )))je ))n!
) 1( (vy!y!!j())!!)) ()!o!y
f!e)((t)wa))) () 
(9eg!())!(zro!)())()())))))(!!(y!)()! ((wn))!(()j' (kne!))!))))))))))))))))!!)))() ))( () (ze(th(ql()! t!))t))j!) ((!)((!))) (()l!j!!(!
ata(!(((()))()()))(!!))()!!!)))) (!()))!!y
oue!()))!))))()))!)()(!)!)!)!)()))(!!!!!!) tzoqle)(((()(!!!!!!))())!!))))!
(!))!()j! 1'sk' j? in!q!t!)!e))())qu)((z!j.)!!)))!)()j' ((wo!t!)!))))(9() an!)))((()(())(())!!(!!!()))))!!))))) h!ql((
(!!)))))))))))()!) 

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!(!))!!!)!!))((!!!))()))()) an())))(
())))) th!))!))!!(())(!!)))())))())())()())(()!!

ye!j
te)
e)))!!!!)) (()(!!(()((!))!!)!))))(()) 1we)((((!!))!!!!!)!!)!!!!!!!!)())())() wra((
((())!!)!!)!) !rome(())!!)))!!)!!!)))!())()()))))(()j(!!) a)ai!!)
i)()!()() ()(()))))()!)!)()!)(9!

jo 0)t)te!!!!!)!!)!!!)))))(!())(!!(!!(!)!!5yah))
yse)!)(!!!!!!))!) ()))!)()))!!) (()()))(5:30:1: th(!))))(()())(((()()))))!) w!y)ca
te)!!))()))) an)))))()))) a!!!)!(!)!()( (8ca!)!))))()!)()(!)))!)((()))!)))((!!
(zerik
i!!()))))((!) )k!!!!() (v!)()))!) ((! ln(((!!!)!()!!!)!)!!!!!!!((!!)(!)!)))()) 1we)(((((!!!!!!!)!!)))))!))))!!!)!)!)) an)!q!)()))!)))!)()(((z) ta)q:i 0ju!)()qa(q)j)(
a!a!x)cn
x))!(!x)c)j(()quet!)t!!)!j())(!))!))!!) ta)))!()))()! t!y0ah!e)!)(e)))) (()) )!!) h!()qr))!)p!?oi!!)!) (z!)) (() a!
())()() h!q!th!)!
()( (zr!)!)(((zer!)b)!)) (!)!
(z!jke
((())!) )))! ())(!))())((!)(8))) t (ki)qa
o!(()())!o!y!! t!(!!!!!()!!))!)!)((z) (zer!!!q7)wnde(((w())))) (!)())!!)()!(!)!)(!y!)) (!((zli(t
e!!)y 
o!!)))))))(()(!)()))))(5(!))))) (zeezsx7  (!())(())!!)))) () 
? 1((un!(!ca))u))m)
a!!!)!(jq)))))(!y!!))(!!()) 
y!ee
tte!())))(()))(!!)))(()()!(!!)!!))))((()(x ist!)(!)o)))))!)!))())))))())() wra!)()()( (kno)(!)!))))())!!!)!)(!))(!()))!(!))))!)) t 0
ta)((()())(!!!()())!!((!)())(!!!))!!!(y))nj;'szea)c!te))
())!)) ())))!)!())(!)))()))() !) 
qle)na(!(!)!!())()))!!))!)!)(9!)()())!))))) !y h)!(!)((!!))(()!)()!)())(())()!!) (zekn!qqxe!()(e

t!)!)())))))!))))) () 1!e(o!!)ol))())(t)!))!)))) th!!())!(!())()) 1)())) !) (k!) ((!))(!!) 1wh((()!!))))(!!!))(!!!!!)!!!)!)!!(!!!) tzee!!(()(!))!!!)!!!)!!!)()j' h(()!!)!(())(()()(()(()(())))(6())( h((!m))(())))))))))()(!) (()jo jet)!m)!!(to!)i ()!j((())!(!))())!()(!!!))))()) a!!)i h(qm (t)))
()!!) () 
'()(()!)()(!!!!!()! 1w)o!))(()))))(!)))!9())()())))) th))))!((!()()()()))))()((z)) 
()()(!))( h(0qm!)
)tee)))(!))(!())!)(!))))()j' !(! th)()!
(!!(i!! 
h!)))(()))!)()j)) (kn!()!jai)jme(t!()!!)(()!))((())!))((!)!) t!!!!(()))) an))
(m)!!))))!))))(5.
() ()lo!(

()))()nt!))!)q(k'!))(!) 1'()))))() (!))!)) an)))))))))))))())))!)))) ()))))()j)!) (zezer! (h0kr
)a!!(!()()! ((((!)) ()!)()( (k!))!)) (zera!)())!)(! th!!t!((())!(()!!!(() w))(a) tru!n!))((()!!()(!))) ()((((!!) ()!!()!!)(9 tr))((!)((((((())(())))))!!)()(!)()!(!!!

q

fu!uo)(()()))((()()(())))((!(()!)(())())((jo ()qa!))!))))))))))!))(()())!())))(!(!)) a)ain!(()((!)())o (untt)(!!))
()((((!((!)!(!))!))!)!!)!))))!!) t .i()!!!)))e.xx!) j? ((! ( (! ((()j'! () 
' ou())(!!))!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!))!)))!)(!(!()) t1

' h))())(!!)()))()) ()()()()(!))))(9()(()(
t0; ala((q)(!))!())(((())))

(zi! (() (kn!)!xqle(((!)))))()))!)!))()! ()())) (z!j0x4:1;
o))0!!))))))))()))()(j' h(7(!)()))())) ()()()()!))(!!))((quum)))(!!)!!!!!!)!!!!!!!!!!))!)()))!)!)(zrheru!!(!!!!)!)(()())!!!)!!)(()((!))!))(!y! cn!e!!!))))))))))(!)))!)!!))!)!)!!))())) 1tee)())()))))!!)))))!))))!)!)(!))!)) (! (9, h)
(
(()))))()(()()()))())) t! (!!(

9(

ina!(()))))!))) (((!))!)()))!!)))()(()) 1)veol'e! o!qi)() (!!(!!)!!))))!!))!)((!()(()j((!(? ha(thteo!!!!)))e!!!)()(!!!(!)())!((!)(!())!!!!yjfchr))!)k!))))()()j)))(()!)((!!((!!!!!)(!) th))(!()))((((()(!)())!)))((!)(()(!!)(!)) 1wr!)))!))))()(!)()!!)))))) ((!!((!)() th!q) )!((!!)!)()(((()!!)(7)))())!!()!!)!

y 3t!!)()))())))!!))))))))(8))!!)))!))! th))ce!
()())))))))())(;))) 1!(w!!)((!!

uel)())))))((()))!((()!))!!)((!)!)!(!)()) an()())!()((())))))()))))))()!))))))() (zera!it!)(()(((!)))!!)!)!!!)!)!)) ()) t!!zi)ame!(!!)!!! i)
(k))))(((()! (!))!))(9!
!) 1we!!!()()(!!)!)!!!)!)!!((!))!!)((())! 13:on0!!!)())!())))(()!())!)(!!)))))!())) (zezlme t)((())()!))((z)!!(zl(!)))(()(!!)!!))(!

y
o)rd h())()((!)!!)!)!!))!)!)()!!(((!)())((()(? i
o0)
(((!)) ())!)()j)) (()()))!)))(5,!(ye!qra()()()jun!!!))!!!!!)))!) ((! (!))(!(all
e)cie(!tt ()()))))(()))(.))(!!())()!!!!)()((z)( the!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)(!!))!(!(!!

y
o!q
tqun!)()(i! (()!(!)! t!u(!) ()(!) (((!((()) 1we)())))))()!9!()) (()))!(zz!))))())) wlta!(d)!)
()(()) 1()))!)))()) ((wo!)()!)) 1 ho!!()))!))())))!)))((!)()!!)(!))(!))!!)jou')x4y 1w) 
(' h(()!())(7) (()(!)()(!!!))!!)(!()))(!! (wnr()!!)e!e!)))!)))()!)))(()))()!)) 1((!)) t1 ()())))!))!))))))()()!)((!!!!!) (k! the!!((!))!!)!!q(!!!!!!)

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!)!!!!!((!)(!!))(!!!(!!())(())()) 1we)()()(!)!!)))))!)))(()!!((!)!!!)((! th!)()()!))))))))))(()j(' (()()()( (()((! ha((
())!!(())())()))))) ())(!(()j')pe!)mee!j0()!)(!!!)!)))())) (!) 1y!) (k!) (v()j' h((q
()m!at!)()(!)())()(? ))(!) !)) 
()j; i-
t! (zer (kn!(!
!)(q)))()! ) ()( ()(!()(x! ((!) 1wr)((())(((!!)!!!)!
())! ((!!)!!)!!!o (8m)m!(((!!)!)
(zezza!)) () t!!)!! h!()cv7(()!!)q!y! a!] ()w)) 1

(!! he!((!)))())())()!!)))(!())!)(())())) ((ho
uar!))()))!)))))())))!!)) 1te))
()) or!((!!))(!!!))!5)(!!!)()(!)(((((!!(!()(!

y
o))(((()!)!!)!))!!!!)!)))))((!)!!))!

r(t[)(!!!))()!!)))()))()))!()!!

(7(
fe!e
(

(())))))()()(!)))!))!)(!)(!!((((()j) 1we)((!!!))))))(!)(!)))!))!))(!(!)!)) 1tee)!))(!!!!!!!)!()!(!!(!!)) (()!) th!!)!)()()))))))))!))(!))))()((!)!()(!(! njt!)(!))()(!)))()))))(()!())!))))())))(()j' wrn!((())))))))!(!)!)()!!!!!)))))()(!!)!)(9:8 t0k!qu(8wo ()1())!(!!!!( () 
()) ((!!)! a!!1'j()) t1 ((!)(())ta)
 jk!)!a(!!)8 (ze! n!))(i!):to!!!y!)((!)) 1(k()) ))! t) !ro!!)quue)(!)) t2)l!!( (()!) h!))(
()!()) (((!!!
(zer!
i))w!) xca!)!))!))!)(!! !(! (! !)))(!()! ())(5uti()!))))())))))))(()()()())()))))!(()))) th))!)()))))))(!)())))))))()))()))() ())(? ina!m!))))))))))))))))(()())) 1we())(8!(!)!)!)!)!!)!!))))))))!!))))) h!ql(
t!)((()()(((! (()(((!!)()( h!()!)())())(()(!!)()(((()())(!(())()!)(6; 1; 
y 0ql!
(()(q!)!))) 1to!)))!())(!)(!))!!)ju!)!)) ((wo!r)(())!) (()))())()))))())) (())()(1:)
of)()))))))(()(((()(())()()(()(())(())(!) 1wr!()()((((!!!!!()(!!)()!!))!((!!(!!!
an)
i]((!(()))() 0?)) a!()()(()!!9((z)( th)(((!))))!))!)))))() (!!)!!)!)))((()!((9:1
o!0qh!
i(!!)jm)
!)(!)))(5)!o h)()(()(!)!))))()))(()(!)((!)!((()((!!!) tze ())!!))))))))()(!))()!(! ( ()))) (!) 1)j' h(()te))))))))))))())) ((h!) )()(()) t!(the!(!)!)!()(()!((((()! !)(!)))((()j((z!! 12:1:ant!(!)!))()))())()()())(!!) ()(w!)(5:!)((zlam
())))))))))))!)))(()))))))(((())!!))!8 
y 0ke(te!)e!))))!!)((()!(9()p!)(!!)(!) )m!)(((! l
(m!((()(!)(!!)!!)()()!!!!)!!!))()!!))(5:1
o!))(()))))))((!)())()(!!)(()!!)()!((zit!(()((((())()!()j'0pomo))))))!)()))(!)!)))))))))))())(!!)(5)) wra(e!()(((()))!))))))())()))!)))() ()))(5;

jor!qe)(
()() )!(!!!)))))!(((!!)! ()()!!!) 2w!(())!)!)(!!!!)!!!)((()((!(? in!!!))!(e ()j
i()!) (())(!!!!!)!(1((z)(((zer!)
() )c!sm)
at!))() fr(!!!))))(!()juy!)!!)!!())()()((zl!)!((zlem!

))(() ()j(!!)))())!)))) (()j() () )p8
ondgx2yt)))en)))
0t!(q!)((!)!!!()()!!(!!)(!() wra)((t)ue!a!)) 2w!!)()!))!)!))))))(()(!()()(()j((zle!!0ath))(()!!()()())))()))())))))) (!))) 1 ((y
w?p0
 qle(qv))81'3!) 1(! ()((!) (!) 1((kne!!))))))!)))))))))))!)()))!)))() (kno!))
(qra)j1)q)(
t))!98)!!))))(!(())!)()! 1we)(!!)()))))))()!)!)))(!!!(!) (t!!))x tr!)(())))!!!()!(!!)!()!))((!()( (v!)j!() tri!!)! o!j!)n)e))()) (z))())))( (jo!)!()) t 0s!i)( o!((!)))!)))))o!)!()!)))!)(!!!(! njt)()(!))))))))())))())))())))())))()()! 1: th!())(!)(()))))()())))())()))) t!!) ))!) i 0me)!!()ye!)jc(e (!q!)!)!(! ! ()!)()())())! th)!
1)()() (zera!))a))z!)) ((! ((z!!)!!)j))) () 
? 1 (kno!!))!!)))(!)))(!!)()()!))(())(!))!)((!) 1w)g)!!))))())())()())(()()()))!) (!)(

o!a(t0((()(!)))))!))!((((()((zl!k!(w th!((!!()(((()(((k)ner!))(!)())(!!)(!!!!!))())))))())) (kne)()e)!(
!!))) ((((((!))(())(!)(()) (q((zlem!(()))()j)) h)
(i!t!i))())()(!(()j! ((!!)(!)!)) (!!

ye!
(()))))))))!!!)())))()!!)!))!(!y !y rme!(! (())))()! (()( (k)jo!!!!
0:)!!()) 
e ()(!!!!)))((!)))(())!(())!()(()(!)(3he))q
(
(
 ()()) (()))((zlmi!)(!)())(())()))!)))()(!))()(()))(())) 1ta)a
a!(!!!!)(!)())(())())))(!!!((()j' !( th))()
))0t!e!(!!(!!) ()( ((()()!!)()(!)(6; th))(h)())((()))( (!))))()(!)!)))())((!)(8,
i
0t7))((t!!!!!) ())((!(!)!)(()(()!((!

y
o)())()))))!)))!)))))()!)!))()!!))() h!t!) (e!e) i)(())) ()!)()!)())(((()!!!()p)u!u())) (kno !))!))) ()!!)!)(!!))()()))))()))()))))(6'2: he!
) a) de((((()(!)))))(())!!))))(!!!!!))(5!!!!()j' i)
i!knca((()()!)()!!))(()() (()!!)()!(!) (!))) 1 
kno (!!e!))))))))) (k)(!!)(!!)))!())!)()!)(9hh(
()))!))) )v) wat)em!((!!)())!!)))(())!))((!)))!8!))!!(

o!t)e)))))!))))!!!!)!!)))))!))(((!!

k)ne!e!(a!la
(((())) ()))()))(!!) 1!)) (kn!)!)(
8!!

y
o))!!)())))))!)))!!!! t!) ()!)!!))() th(!((()!!())(()!))!!!!(!!(!))(!!)) (!!(
.a))
((t!())!(y (o)!! !!)(!))j0)))!!)(9:1(! y
!)j!)(1: t4w,nt))!

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!())(!!!))!))((!!(!)(())(!) 1wr!(()((!!!!!)()()))(!!((((()!(!!))!!(quee(((()(((()(()())!))!))))())())(!) (ze(tta)
()))!)))))))()()))))) () 1)ejp()))!) a)!am!u 
q)! !)!!!

o!)q!)(!)(!))) !y! t(()(x ix hr!()(ta!)!!!)) () !))()))((()j'))!)) (!!

j(
in))q
((!!)(!!)))(!)()())((!)((((()())(7rn)t!)()))))))))))))()))()))))))))))!) () 
' ou())(!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)))!!!!)()j())) 2ta(qte)!!!!!!!))(((((()!())!(((!!)))))(()j' (zezlha!t
(!)())(()))(!))))))!) ((k!!!()))!8) th!('vxqhto(! th!)!))!)()!!)!!)(!!!)((!!!!)((())(!))((! h(
0
(e
())8!)))))))())) (())()))((zimi(())))!))!)))))))))))!)) ()!))))!
()ju s7q0!()))!t os)!))(())))!)!(!))))))))(()((())(()!)))(9 tr)((m!)((((!!!!)(!)((!)()!) ())((!!(!)() th!((()(!((())!)(()(!)()(!!())()((((!!(! t jue!((!)!))!!!!)())))()))()(!!!!!)(!))((z(kno!!)!)))
)))m!())!!!)!!))())))((!)((!)!) th))!))(()())))))()()))()))()))))(!))))((zimi(()!((!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!))!!!o ()
7
q
)
(m a!!l!)!t!))))))(!))!!
!! ( ()) 
y!)2kh)((ke)t)!!))!))!j((z)!(!(z!!!) s!y!o!!
o])) th!(h))t!)!)(!!!)((!!)((!!))))!!)))!((!)(16'

in
()()(!!))() th!(q(!)!!))())!(((!)))!))(!) (k!!())(!!!

jo (((()!)))))))))!)))!))!)(!))!))())( (!!

on))()))))())(((!)))((!!))())!!)()!))(5(

jo.cjha!t!(q
!p!!!)!!)))(!()!(!!()((!((!(!((! y
if t*)())!())!)!))(()))((!()()((()(()! ) t( i 0'1'sann)()))))))()))((! t!)))!()!!!!(!) (!)))) th*)!))))(())))(()())(((z!!))))())) !!!) h!()y!m!t0(()(()))!!! an)!(!()))))))((!!))))()()())())(()j' () 
'8h(t7!n)))!))))))))()))))!

y 8

())) ()) 1!)!))))))!)(z!! h!!q)m)t!no!))))!)j0(!)(9()((!!(9:r!!)() 
(6)))(! th!(()qle!())
(! n!t)!)!)!)!!!()!))!()((!))!)!)))()()()(! th)!te!()()())()())((!()))()(())!))!)))!(5; (zeri

aiai!(t!!!!!))))()))))))!!!)!!!))!!)! ()) t1y)
j? t0 i0!!)!) (k!!
()())) 2(()!!)!!!) (! () (zera! ()
(()()()))())!!))) )( (()() sr!9n!!!()()())))(9,)())(())!)))!(zl
()))e!))(()()(()( (w t!or ()!!)() th(!!e!)!! (()))!(!!!)(()()(!)() )((w!(!) 1wh!((!)())()!!))!)))((!)!))))!!( (() 0k'j0:asaxq'! o!o'es!)be(!!)(!)(!!))!))) (!)!))!!)(6(!) (! ln())!))))))()()))))()))))))()())))))()) an()!))))))))))))))))))()))))))))!))() !ynjt ( ((]! te))!))()))())(3!!!)(!!)())!!)j!!(y
()!
1 ta!(()())())())) () 
?((qu!q()))()(()j'(vxz'4bet!!o)!!())))!)()))!!) a))(!())(!)))))!) wra(()()))))!)(8!) (()) 1w t!x9x (()j)(!! l
!( ((())))!!!!!!!()(!))((!) ((!!!!
(!

y
o)((()!)))!))()())!)!!)))(())()!)))!


o (0qt!!)))))))))))))))))))))())()) ((()! ha()!))))))))((())(()!()((()(((z)(
!))! 1w)cv( (8q)!)()!(7)())) 1?)!!!)((!) !)) 1((
thq
r!(k! ((z!)) (!((!(!)(!!!!)(()(())(!! t!)njq
t!!!))))))))))()!!)))))))()(!))() h()m)((q()(diw!n(
())! ()!!)))))(!))(!!!)!) (zer!!!! th)
(ti!()!!(!!))!()!!)!()!!())(!) ()))!(5))((zerj'xjo!)(!eot)!()()))))) (k)j)! () 
(!!)((z!)))()()( ta!!)!))(((()() () ())((()((!)) ()! ((!j0?
1:1
h)()())())(!!!!((()((!!)()!(!(!()(((zera,iain!!(m!()!)))())!))!!))(())!))()()))!)(
an
 t)!()) !)))!!))()))!)))))())!(!)!)()!) (zezrmen)
t!!
())))!(!) (z)))) wb))))) (()!))!!

y
o)(((e!))))!!)!!()()!)(!!)!))!)!)()! th)))!!!!)!)))))!!))!()!()())()))(()j))() h)
)

(() (()(!)(((z!(!) a( (( t!)))( ))) 1te)!qi!n)!()!) ()j)!(!!(!!)) ((w!! th)(()!()((((()()((((((!)((!((!)) 1w!k!!(t tha!(()()))))))))))())!!))))))(!!!!)(((!!

y
o!())))))))))))!))())!) (!!!))))))) th!))(!(((()))()((!)(!()()(()((()(()!()(! th()(h))(()))()!!(!)(!!!)))) !y!((()!!!

jos!!!!!()(()))))(!!(y! ((! th)(!)((!!))!)()))(()(!)!)(! n(!!!((!))(9:: sjo)!0 -to!()!)) ()!)(!)()(!))))) ())))((z) ta!a!j0arxf
()
ay)
!)(!)!!!!)!()))!!()))()(j()ju!)!

y
o)((e!)))!!)))!)()!!!!)()!!))!!!))!9:uen (()(() ()()) (!))))) t! ()!)!!!
!))) 1we))((!))))))))))(!)!())!)))(())!))() th)))(
())))))))()))!!)))()()(!)!))()!!) t1
(0(()(!!!!!q(kno!!!())()((!)))()(()))(!)(!)!)!)(!)(8(!) a!
)qte)!)))!)!!))!))()()))(!y h!))!)
()!!)()() an)!e!!!)(()())))))))!!!)!)))!!)!())! 1(kno!)!)(((!)()!!((!(())))()j((!))(()(!))(!

y
i()t!()))())(()()))()!!())(((!()!!!) 1wh)((!)))))))!!!!)))(())()())))(8:1!(y w 1x1bj;o (i(())!)!5ekn)(!!)!(!)))!)(jo!)! t!)((! t! th)))q!)( tn(e)l!!!!)())(!!)(!)()!()))!()! ()j!)!)!(? t t
())(7!!)()()))(!))()()())! !ll!!()!!!(yo(m!))!))))))()()j)))) !y 
qu(c!t)!!!))(9dn!i(qzg!i!))))(6)(() !)(w!!) i!)0e t!!))) (kit!)k!!!!o!)

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!(!))(!!)))!))(!!!))())(()(x is)t!e!)((!!)())!(!!))()))())()! th!!)))!7!))))()))))!)!())() !))))!!o!))! th)))(()!!!!))!))(!!! ! ! (b!!)(!!!)))))(8:
ato)!!())))()) )) an)))m))())!!))))())!)))) ()!)())(5:1!(
h(00!))!)!!()) ()!))
(zl!m!) (((zh!! o a)()b!))))(!))!)) (z)c)((w! ())!)!!)((! th!)()())!)))((!))))())(!)))((())) ((()!!

in
e!())))))()))))(!))((!)()()!)()()!!) t) 1x j?
o!)))))(!))(()l! (
!( !)! (!!
(z)) the!)()())!!)!!))))()(!!!!)))()((!)(!))!!

o!o!
(ye)t)(()!!((!))!!(!(()(((()()!!(()!())! ((kno t))())))))!!)))())!)))!)()(!)!()!!)()!!) 2w)()())))))))(!()(())())))) (kno))))))))))))))))))))))))!)(())))))))(!!

jo (((((!)!))(())))))))))))(())()(!!!y!)!
o!()!)e!)!)))!)))))!)

y) 
5:)(wnnt!(!!!)!)!!))!))!) ())))(!)))!!!))))!))) 1we)((()))))))!))!)())))))))!))!))))!) wll
ae!(((())())()()))))))!!))))))))(!()ju!e t0
ta)!)((()!qi!l!l))jev(!m)()!r!)()!)((q!!!(a!) ((k!)) 1 o)((((!))))!)) (v!('()(!!!) t() (!()!) (knd!((!!!!!!!))!!)!)((!))((()j)(
()!)!))) 1te)q(en0ou()()!!!)!!!)))))!(!!)!))!)!)!!)(8,)()j) trwi(()!))))))!))(())())()))!))(()!!))!!)(;
ou()!)()(!)(())()))))(((!))!)!)()()!!)(()j' wrn!(()()((())())))) (())(())))))))(!!)()) 
y 8mu(()()))))(()))))))())) ()! (!)(?)) 1we((((!!!!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!))!)!!!!
()jou)t0)t!) 
(6()((wo!( me)(
())(()(((!(!)! (!j0?!)((((! ((ze)(!
th)))(((!)))!!()j!) ((((!!)((!)())(!)()!(2he)t((((!)(!)!))(!y h)())))(()()!!))())) (zezlxby)r))(!(()j(!)))))()(((z!)(()(! !) (z)jo t
(()!))))(!!)(())!))()()()!)(8!!))(1!()ju sr()))!))(()(()))((()!))()()())(!!! ())()j' h((
(t)))))))))!()!)(((((()())(4:1!
o!)))!))))))))))()))()))))())()) 1(! ( h-((())())))))))))))!)(!)())(!)(8!)()()(? hra()(!!)!)))))((())))((())()()(!!)()))!
8r)t)))q )!)zat)! (zr!))wa(!) (() o!(() t (0()!)j(!!!(yo))q!!()(!)!!!())(!!)))) an))i!)
(!)) 1to)
(((()!! ())(()))(((!)) (()))) an)! ((zera[0( a o ( ))!)()))(!))))))())())()()()()))()(()j' ol(!)((!!))))))) (!())))()))(())(8)!)!(y h)(!!)!)!)!))))))))!)(!))))!!!)())))) a(ana()'1xzene!
())())))!) ()(! ()())) !y!)) (!))(6()jou))()))(!)()!)!)) an(!)!)!)!(!)) )mn))!()))())) 1we!)()()))))))))))()))))()))())!)()(? hi(
to)()())))(()()!)()())(((!))(((!!!)(!!)!) th))())((()()))))!!)))()()))())((()()(!(! l
((((!))))!)))!))!))(!!!)()(!)))()(((z) th)()(()())!!!!)(!!)(((!)!()()j!!)!!)(!()j' wra(((w! t()) !((())(8)(zert!!!
())((()(!)) () h(((0()()()() s!x))!yv
()k! h()!)(!()!!!)))() h[(em))())(()!((!)(!!!))())()))((()) (!! 1: th!q((!!!)!()!)!)())! t!)
(!)()() !r!)!) 1w)()!)t)
a()( h((z!t!i)!)!)))!)(()) (zr!))() (! ()( (! nnt!))))())!)(!)))))))))((((()))(()()))!!) an(())))))!()))()()))))))()()))))!)(!! (a'moge!(a!-(w!)!) w!!(

i((x!!)! !( (()!)(9to (h!t)!)())j!)) ()()!!) !(()! 
()((((z!! 15yj0zha!!em
()!)()))))) ()())))(8:)))!!!()((
! th!q
-))))!)))! ((())()(!())!!))!!!)(()() an(())!))))()()())())!!)()))!))()!)!!o)l!t0!!ja!))()))(!)) (z!!))((()((!))(!) t  o)((()!!)!!(()((!!!))(((((!((!(!)(!()(!two!(q)))(()!!)(!)!))))))(9(!!) (()) 
(z) i
i!xdr!))(q(!(
()(! ())(!!(())(!!!!!(()jo j!, wita)(())))))!)()j!)!!))()!!!)!) ((!) () 
! 1; hr!))!))(((!)!))((()())())())))(((z) (((a? in
(())!)))))))!)!)()!)!!)))())()())))((qle(knsen!()((!)!!)!)!)!!)()!!9!)))!()!)!!!()()lv(
t0))!)))))!)))(()(!)))!)())!)) ()) 
(7ro ((((()(()) (zee((() (k!!!)))!!))) (z)(! th()()())())(!!!!))(((()())(())!(()( ((!! sjn)(())((!))!!)!))))!))!)!!!)!!!)) 1t!((zrht()((!()))))()))()))(4(((k!)jx!(! t!!!!


th)(0e!)!)!!)!)!!!!)()!)!!(!)(!()!!!!!) th!!()(!)))!()(()!)))(())!))) () (z)()!(! ta!(((((!((((!!!)(!)!!(!! 1!!!!!) ar!!!))))(()())(())))((()))()))(8:)()) (zezrin (
o))!() t)o!()))) ())((!!!))!!))))!8!!!) wra!t!(q)))!!!!!))!) 1'3()))()(w)) 
()()! th!)))()()(((()(()(!(!(((!)))()()!!!!)((zlm!t(!)())(()(()))((qle()!))() () (z)!))) th)))))!)()!)))))))))))))(7rn!)()(
()()((()) ()))))))!
!)juu!!)(
(zerzr ( (qu(m! (!) ()! (!!((()!!()la(!)! (()( ta!
(e!))(!jj()!) 1(b!((kno(!!((!!!)()(!())((! (((())) ((!)))()(!) 1we!((
()!))))) ()))()j!!!!!!!!!!!)!!
 th!q
o!!)())(!!!)(!!))(!!!)!)!)!!(((!)!!!

jo ()((()))))!!())!)) 1wh!()()(!!()))!))))())!)()))(((z)(()() wra(t!()))))((()())!(((!!))!!)(!))()))(()) 
e (
m!!(()))())!!(!!)))!)())())()(()! 1)(zera
i!)(()))))))))()))(!))))(()(())) ((w)() an)!!)))))())

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!(!)!!!!)(!))((!!!!)()))()(? ha!t!unth)(!())!!))))))!()j('()()((!!!)!)!)))(!!o0 0in()!!!(!!r!)) 1! ( h0(((!!))((!!!)!(!!)!(!)((!!!!!!)((! ()( th(q
()(())))))!))!))))))())(((!)))(!()!!

y
o! ((o!!)))!))())))(())))())))!!)!)!

! th)!()))))()))))))))!)()!!
()) ((!!
!!) 1w)((c0!)))!)))))!) h(!) ())))))(4)
(zeknt!()(((())!) ((!)(!!!)!!!))))!)(!))))()) an(!)))))))))))))))))!)))))))(()()))()j(wor!qm(())))()))!)))())())))) (())!)(9(!)) 1wr!((()(()(!!)(!!!!!!)((!!!)((!))!)!)) an)!!q( ())vt!!j((1()! t*kt!))!))!!)) (zeraxnq[jz)w)) 1wh(((f!m))!!)))!!)! ()j(!!) 1wh!)!)!!))!!))!!!)!))!!!)())(()()!!)!

8:1: t1w)
o tov)()()!()!!!(!!)!!)())((!!))(!!()))())) 1wr!*(()))())))((()))))!)))()))))))()) an)!())))))))!))))!)))))(2)))))())) ((h!k
a)ke! 0)k (x!!!)((())!!))((())((! th(!(!)())))))(!)()))((!)))(()))))!()))((zimi()()!!)!!!!!)!!!!!!!)))!)!))()))) t!) in0m!)((!()!)!!!)!!!!!)!!!)! !(!))()(((z) th)(((!()))))))!!!))!)!!
()!) (!!!!))!((zri(eh*)(()))))))))!()))(()))())))))()(!! l
o)))()))))()((!!((()(())!)(!))))))(!)! an)a am!((((!!!!!!)!!!!!!)(!!()((!))))(!()!)) 1wh((((()))))))))!)())))))()())())!))(!y h)
(e)!)(!))))!)))!!)))))())(? (())( h)
(q
())))))(())(!())(((z) t!
2) 
')!! 1: t0'ha0(ag(e!(y!f!!(!(((! ((! n!t!!((!))!)((!))))))(!)))!
(9())( () (kno!!))!()!!!!!!!)!!)()()())!!)!) (()l!)() s'g 
the!)))()((()))()j)()())()!!(!)!)!(!!)(!(yo((((((!)!!!))!!!!!!!!))!!(!!!!)!!)) t 0m)q
w!(()()!((!!))))))((!)!!!!!(()(!)!8 
' h(()[)w! ()))))!) ())))))) th))!)!!!)))!))))()))))()((! h!()())()(()))))))()))())())) (kn!)))5 (jo a(!)!()(!)))!)(!)))!)))!)))))!!)()))!!(kee!())((()(()()((!))()!)!!))!!))(!)())) 1ten()!)(((()))))))) t!(1!!o!!(()) !)l!!r)jat!)qz!e t!((!(!!() (t!!(!((z!!())))()()!!))((()) 1t ()q(!!)!()!))) 1))))(8:1:ant!(!(!))))))!!)(!!)))!)(()! ((!((! n!t)())((())))))) ()))))()))))))!(!)))(!i0uca a)(()(()!))!)())(())))()()j)( (()!(((zerann(!j0

y(ze!)!) ()) ((b!)k)! ()!))!(()(! th!!o!!()())))((e)()))(6!) (()()()((!)(! th!
)))))))())))!!!)!)!)))!!))!))!!) ())! the!(((!!!)!!()(!)(!!(!!!!!!!!()!!!(!)()! th(!!)())(())))))))()) ((!)!!!!()!(())(!) 1we!((((!(!!!!)))!!(!!!(!!!!)!)(!!!(!! rnd[((!))))()(!)()(!)((((!)!)(8!!! 1)!!(qune t))) ((((())(((!(!!)(((())())))) ()))!!(kee!)()())!)))!)!)!))()!))))!!)()!))))() th((0(!!)!)((()()(()(((()j(((!)()((!)!!!(yo)m!)())))))))!!!!))))(!)))))))) t!))) i!


18xvte)((())())(()l!() (k!!! (s!(!) 1te)!!e)t!((())! (y (!)!)!))(!()()!! (w)jnot!)(())))!))()()(((()))))))()((!)(()!)() the!)((())()()()()())(()!(())()(!)!((!)((zii((!a!())()()))))))))))))))) h!qa(!8((
(qls))((q)(!(()! at!(((()!p!)! 2:
yn
())) )phn!!!)(!))()!))!) )))!())! ((vo xv!!!q(() 0k!! in))(t!(!(!!

!!

ye)()()(
th8)))(
((!!(()l!((a!)j)))(2!((z!joa(!)!! (te!)))() (!!)))()!!) !, wn!))) (s!jntr)()))()(!)(()j!))))()()))()))!)))!)(()) 
y er!)!!)))))))))))))))(()())((!((!!!
(k!(

jo ()!))!))()!!!o0
(d ((()))()!) 1(()))!) h)!8
))((s(!y)mj))!y!)!)(()!)(7))((qu!)!
1: an)ta)!())!!))e) (k! !() (z)! (!!))(!)()) 1we)((((!)))(((!!!!)()()))(!!)((! t!))qije-el)(qq
(!io)ee))('))!qk(
())( ()!))) ((w! (9!) a)
(i!))((!)()!))!)))()()())!)))())!!
(zeri!)o!))))))!)()))))() (())!(()) ((ve ()!!)))))))()!((((!)()))()!) 1wh)(()))())))!))!)!)!)()))!)!))))()!) th)))))()))))))))!)())!))))())()((()(()!(

1:1:ant!)!!!!!))!)))))!!))!)))!))))) a!))!y)(
!e!je! t!)!(q!)l(! )g!) (! l!)!) i
!)))) (!)(y!)a)! th!!)!!)(t)!!))((!))(()()!(()! (k! an!!!)))!))))((w))!))()((!)) t2)() (!!) tjkse!(()))((()(
()())!!!(y (vx6! h!)!)) i!(
(((wo!tr!!!)!!))(!(())())))!))()()(!)()! ((()l! 
me!))())!)))))(!()))())(!!)(((! ( h(()())))))!))))!())()))()(())((zii((!!!!!)()!!)!)!!)(!))!!))) ())() th(!(()(!!!!()!()!!!!((!!(!
(8!(! ( (!!!

in)e!!!)))))))))()(()()))))))))(!)) 1we()((!)!)))))))!))))))()))!!)))!)()j' h))(
!e!k))wt!)) (! ()(()!(7! ())!)!))(!

) 1)ejqwn (
a
))(n!!
(!!)()( h(())()()!((!!)!()!) (w!))(9!)))(()(x!! i
ae!e!())()((()))!)()))(())()()))))!))( h!!qe)jln!t()((())!))))()()))!!))(((!!!))(()(!) 1we!(()(((!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!)
an))!)!!!!!)!) (())())))) wlt!((())n)!(? the!o
 o)((!!!)() ()!((!()())())(!))(((!!)(( (be
())(())!)))))!))()))))()!!)))!!!o h)(!)))))(!)((()(()((())()))!!)(((!!!)!) wllmen0e!!((())))))))!()(!!!!!!!!!))!!)!!!)()) 

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w"
a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of w!(()!!!!!!!(!))!!!)()))((!!!!)!)))()(hwaint!e))(!)(()!()(!!)!))!()!!!())!())!))!8(

in
t!))()())!)))))()(()!)()!()))()!)()! t! 1dte)!(!!)(!)!(())()!!)()!!!()())))(!y)j!!
15y0a!qza(ay!(thi!t!)(!!)))(!()))(!))))!!!(!)((!!))(!((zil!(m t**!!!)())!!!!)) a!)!!)(()ju!)(9c!p th))e!)!)!!u! ()!)!!)(!)!!))(!!))!))!!!) 1 o[((((()))))!(())))(()((((((()(((()(!! ( h-((!()))))))))))))!!)(()!)(()))()!!)(!) tzo ()q()(!))!!))!)!!!!)(!)!))(9!!((!))(6(wnr(!) a()())()))((()))((()))()(())())))() t0
uete!!((!!!!!!!(((((!!)()()!!)!!)()(!!))(6!

uen)((((!)!)))))!!))())())!)))))()!!)!)!) a)axente)!!!)())!()!)()(!) 1w)g!())()))))(!!)!))))!))!!))())))()) an(!)!)))!)))))))))!)))))))()))(!)))((q(y h(()()))))))())(!))!)))!)))(!)))!)((zin!t!))))!)))))))!))))))((!!(uhe!!thp
)!)((p!)te!)!!)!)())!!!!(!)!!)(!!!)) th-()()(
!())) ((!!))()()()!)!)(!!((!(!
ata((!)())(())))!)))())!)))))))))()())()! h]
a!t!(()()(()(()))())))(())(()))())) (kno()(()())))!!())))!!(!))))))))))))))!!!) h!0j0'2
an))(()))))))))(()) ((v!)) ())) (v's!j(zle! 1yy)) o()
(!)!(!)!) t( ))(
(kn!)!)!())ny!)!)(
xnh!!(()()!) ((!((()!()ve!!!)())(!!()))!)qa))lno!!) ((qwe!me(()!!)(!)!)))))()()))))))(()()))()) (zezth!(()))))())))())))())(((()))()!!)(5r))!


in!qv)q
(((!))!!)juun)())))( ())(!))()( (()(!)))())) h))t!!j0 tjjqat!q i
(te!!!)))!(()!)!!!)!)(!)())())((!(!!)) ()) 1wne!!)(!)))))!)()))))))))))!)!) (()))!8() h)
(
()))))!)))))()))))!))(!)!)((z!!))(8 
? on(()))))(((!!!)(()!)(((())()( t!t!!!)(()j' wre*(()!)()()(!)))!!))()(
()!)()(!!)(!!

jo (((((!!!)!))))())!!!!))((!!)!(q)((w))! 1 
y res!)!)))!!)))!))()(()!!)!)(!!)!))!!!) ():uy ()
(!!)()))))))(()))(())! ()ln!)j()juir(((q!!!!!!!!))))))) (()l!) 1x!e!!
o!!t!z)) (!()())())) ((! (((zlm!(
(t!)l!j((ze !(((!) ()) t
(!!((j()!!)(!t)jo!a!)(()(!!(((! n!) (o
on)7()())! ())()!(!!)(!!!)!!!)(()l!j()(!

y
o)()(())!)()))))(!)))!))!)!!))(()))!


u
t) td)e))(((!!!()(!)!)!)!!!!(!!!)((!)()!)))) an)aaqccit!(c!)) (v))!!(! ( !)))(!)!)!))!!!)(((! njm()))))))))))))))))))())!)))((())))()!(

ket!!!!)(((!!!!(!)(!)(!!()((()())!!)((()j' wre)!))(()!)())!!)))()()))())))()()))()()(? hra()(()())))))!)))(!)(())))))()!!)(())! 1:1 th(!e!!!a!( 1q!)mq
(z)))!!)()((!(((()j!(! th!)
(

(j((u)
1!)!!!()!!))!((!(!! cx))!!y 
qle))q(!(b! (!!
(z!!!
(9:o !)(
()!)(!!)))(!))!)!!())))()j'(un (0())!)))()))))!)()))(8s!!)()))!)(!)!(ju t()(()!))))(()!)(!o!)!)))!)))!()!!
!)((.
' h(0)()))!)!))))())))!)(!))())) th)))!)(!!))((())!)) (()))()(i!)!) (z!)!(y t
u!!!)!!)(!)()()!!!)! an))()((())()( ((! l
((())!)))))(!))((!) ()())))!!))) 1()l!' h)
(qle!n (
()'
()! t ((!()))())! ((!)(!!)))(8!

th)!((()(!!!!)(!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!!!!!!!(! ((zezer!q
o)!))!)))) )( (b) 0(!))) h!qje!)!))!!(!)(()(!))))) (z!j0())!))))(3bj
eh))(((((!)(!!))) (!!)((! ( !))) ((!!)) a)a! tv0m)(z)()!!)) ()!! ()(0h() (!q)(p!p!))! h]
i!)qu0ema!))(!)jn!)ql!)(! (!)!((q)(()((
o)))37yn)a!e)))e)!))!!(!)!))!55yn!)) ((g () to!)!)))()!!)())!)))((!((!(!)))(!)(!!))() tri(
))ai)9
!t())!()))!)))))
!))!)!))(((! th!))((())!)))!)())!)(()!)!))!)! )()(()!! h(0qt)!(()())(()())((()()( ta ()((!)))!!(()(!!)))(!!)())())(!))!))!) an((())!))()))(!!!)()))()))))(7r!!)q))k!] the!((q())())!!!(!)!()!!()!!!!!))(()(!!(! cxe!e!))!)!()))))!)(!)))))()(!!)!)))(9u!) 1'7fqkene)(()(()) t!!!))))() (!)(y)(h!q)((!(()() (!)))!5y!oq[(!))!)!))! () )p!())()!)))!
)
in

t)))((((!!)())()!))!)(!!))(!!))!)(! t! thatt!)())())))!((((()((())(())))(!!))((!!) wre(((t((())))(!!!)()()()()!!!!)))))))(!(! ln(((!)))!!!))!)!)(!!)))!)()))!)(!((())) 1 
ket!(((!(())!))!!)())(!)))!(()()!!)!!!)) 1ten!)()((()((()((((()())!)))() !) 
ql!(s!)lln!)loe)())))((!!)))))()) ((!!))()))()()!) 1wh(((!)))(())()))(!)((!!!!))!)))!)(!)(7r:(o)!)
i!!!) t)))()!)((!))))(8(!) !! th!
 (
)!())))!!))()(!))(()!!)()(()()!!!) 1wh!)(((()))!))!!))!)(()!!!)!!!) 1wh!(()))(!)))!!!!!)((!)(!!())(!! i((! th!)it!j((! ()!)))!))))()()!(()()!())))(!y h)(
t!))))())()()()((!))(((()((((((!!
(zlem!
a())(((((!!))!!())))))) an)!!)!x!))(8hsj())((((!! (! !(!) a!)q!!a0!!) an!))!!!() ()!()))))()j'an))) an!!)!)!!))j())) )jx)jo)(4!( )k!)!) (v)jke
*!!)))()))) (z)())())) 2()kt!qoi!es)v)j!)!))!)(!)!)!)(!))) (k!)(9! t!(!

y
(qr (n)(o!!)(!!)())!)(8)! (y w)( a((w!!
()le(
!!qi(!i)!) ((()))!)(z) (k!))) (zekn!)ja!(
(!(!)!))))!)(()
-----------------------------------Iteration 19
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))!)))))))))))!))))) )) an)!ynt!)))))))))))))))))))))))))w!))))) i) i)tha(o!))))))))))))))))))))))) ))))))))))!


y
o
r)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))!))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) w) att!))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))()))))) an))())!))))))))))))()))))))) ))))) )cn)cna0)eit!))!))))))()))))))))))))) (!)))))) i)) i a)
 a)((()))))))))))))))) h)th)))))))))()))))))))))))))))))))))))) i) isr!()))))))))))))))))) )))) wh)t))))))!)! ha((!))!))))) )))))))) ))))))))) ()) ))) wra!r!qq
u())))))))))))))!))))))))!))))())) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h!ql)ei!(4e!())!) 1qlii))s)())))))))))!)))))))))) )cn)) ()! ) ou()())))))))))))))()))))))))))))))))())) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) i! in

()))()))))))))))))))) )) an!!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an))( )))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )pq)ncinv!(o*)))))))) )c)) )pp)))j)))())))())! )p5zro(ow!))))))( t!)))))))))) ))))) ))))))))))) an))()))) ()))!!()j')) ))) t!)) ))))) ())))))) a) the!()()t))) i
))))? j)))))))))))))))))))) )pqqer)))) 1wek!
a))))))) 2he t8))))))!))))))))))))))))))()))))))!)))) an))))())))))))))))))))))))))))))) i)

) 1he t)))))))))))!))())))))))))) ()))) )()()) wra(!))j0
i
 (q)) ))))) ))))) ))()))))))!))) )g) sr)0e)))()))))))!)))))))))()))!))())))))) an))))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )pq)c
ou0e!!)te)())))
())) )))) ())))))))!)))() hr!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())) if tam)))))))))()))))))))))())))))))))))))))) an)))))))))))))) a))) i)a)t(t) )))) ))!) wro!)))))())))))))))) ))) ))))))))())))))) an))))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )pq)c
ou0e!!)te)())))
)))) ())x))())))))()))))) i) )) t
t!!!()))))))()())))))))))))) ))))(5))) t'8
j?
ast!))))))))))))))))))))))) )())))))))))) an))))))))))))))))))))) i)) t) i))))) h!)())))))))))))))))) )())))))))) an))())))))))))))))))))))) )pq)j))) (kn)!am!em)gs(t)()))))))))))))))))))))!))))))))() in)
jh!((!)))))))))))))!!))) i)))))))))) an))())!!)))))))))))))))) )) )))))) )po)tq((!( a
 a!)())))()() ))))))))))))))))))))))))) an))(o!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )c)) t r!)
)))))))()))))))))))))) an))))!))!)))))))))s)t))() o))te)))0)))))))))))()) ))) ())))))) ))) wr)qle)!))))))) ()) )(())))!))) a))()))()) a)a or((
()(e ())j))je)))())))))))) )p)))))))!))))))) in
(e!)(
)q)i))t)))z))))))) )ln
())))))( (zrj u0!q)h))))() h))))q)
))))))))))) )) ())) t)t))t! j))) wr!))5))wn))j)() () 0))))))))))))))) (z))) 1):h)k 
o()))))))))))))))))!))) in)))))())))) 1hei!)
a
u) a)))))))!))))))()))))))!)))))))))))) an))))()))))))))))))))))))) i)a ))) )po)t0er!))))))))))))))) ))))))) ))) w!)()) an))))))))))))))))) )))))) )p)! )))) tm)
i i!j))!y)m)))) )))))))())))))))))))) )) )w 
's
xven!o!()())))()))))))))))))))) )))))))))))) i 
nd!))!))))))))))))))!)) ))))))))))))) an))()q 
' h()))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))) a!)) int!!)))))))))))))) ))))))))))) )))))))) )cni at))i)))))))))))!!!!))))))))) )c))))))))( h)
)))!))!))d))) !)) 
q)v0xd)))))) a))() an)))))))))!))))))))))))))))))) )!)))) )pqqee!())))))))))))(())())))) )cn!' j? 1)) tr!)())() )t)) r()()())u!)))))) ))) ))))) wra (ta!
)))))))))))))) ())!!))) ()))))))))))) an))))())))))))))))))))) an!)))e))))))))))))))))) ))) )cn))) )cs)enou)e!))))))))))))))))))) )()))) ))))))))) an))())))))))))))))))))))))) o)())) )ke)te!qq)m)q()i)
(z))!) )p1)) )))!()))) ))) ha()))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))!)))))) ifvth()())))))))))))))))()))())))))!))())() 1j;aj?)qa!n)!(k! (kit!)()))!))))) )(w)))))!)) ! nn)!)))!))))) an)())!)))))()) a()) )))))) on()!)))))h!)) th))))))
)))))))))))))())))))) ()) )))!)) ist!)t!)!(u!))))))!))!)) (k!))) ())))))))) wha!!()())))))))))))) )) t! 15y!) tr)))))!)))))))))))))) ())!)))))))))))))) i 
x
e i)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))) if h())!))))())))(()(())()())! )))) ))))))) an))(!)!))) ))))en))xq) t! )) )))!) )mt)x!jqx!) t!))
))!) ))) () i)t))
)))j))!))))))))))) ))))) ()! ()!)) an)! 0w!(a
on!))))))))))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))) an)))))))!))! h!))))t!y!y)t )))e))))(xd) tn!)))!! ) t))q))))))!)))))))()))))(5)))) i o)(i) )q!))))))))))) ))))!))) a!)))!))) in0t!)())!)!)) i)))))))))))) )) an)!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
; in!)(t!))))))5))))))q)v)))) )p))) ))) w) 

 

c
y)
!)r)()))!))) i)) )j) ))) )c)c)))
)) 
ee!e)()l
)!))))) )))))) i!)) in)))))))t)) tr))

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))!)))))))))))!))))) )) tjiee!()))))))))))))())))))))))))))))))))) an))))!))))) t)))c)) (t!q)wr!)!z))) () )cjjq(())) )) )p!joa())))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) () )pet!)qih)!)) (q()()))) ))!)))!))))))()))) in0t!! he!)(!)) wr))))))())))))))))))))))!))()))) i 
(0(


ye!
(8t))))))) )))) h))t!))))!))))))))))m))))) i)))) t! )))) wha!!e!())))))))))) )))))) ()))) (ze))))) wro))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))!) w))!))) is
t()))))))))))ju(u))to)))q)) s!)))))))! h))j)que)))))))))))() )c))) )g) a))g)))()))) )pqqet)eml)))))))))()))))))))))!))))) ())()) t) ha(!!)))))))))()))))))) )c)))) ou))!))))))())(())))))))))))))))))))())) if

th!))
!))))))))))) in!)))))m)))))))))())) ar))!!jzn)b!))))) ())))))))))) ))) () 
))
tr))
()
())n ))n
))o)))))()j)a)c!)(! )))) wro))j))))))))) ))) ax
)))) )b) (z) )!)))) in
(())))) )))) !) 1x e)))))))) ))))))()))!))))) ano)))))))())))))))))))))))) ))))))))))))) i 
nd!))!))))))))))))))!))))))))!))))))! tr)m t0!)km ()))()()))) )))))))))))))!))))) )cni j; he!(!)!)))))))))))))))))))))())))))))))( the!ee!jzit())7wv)))))))()))))))))))))))!)))) )c)wne!jee!()))))))))))))))()()))))) ()))))) )) an))()!))))))))))))))))))))))))) t

))) (
t1yara)())))))))) ())))))))))))))))))))))))) an)))))))))  0!)))!) )c)q)ln
)
!))) )p))qvxxvenv)i()))!))))))))) )))))()))()))))))))))) an)))))))))))))))))))))))) in)!a))))) t!

zio)(h!)b!))wc))))))))) () 
))))())))))))!) wron!!!)!(()())))))))))!))))))))))))))))) an))))!)))))))))))))) ha()q))))))))))))))))()))))))))) ))))))) hra)))))))))))!)))))))!))))!)))()))))!))) if u()))))))))))))))))()))))))))))) )()) a) no!!)())!!))) (z)) t) t
w!nlt!))))))!)))!)))))))))))))))))))()))))(5:1
o!))))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ina!eiu!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ())) )p)) t1 ()!(()))))!!)) a0o() 0k!cq)jno)) !))))()) )g ))!o!j)))) )cne)()))))))1'
xv) )qsem()))))))))))))))))) ))!))))))) !))))!) wro!qt!))!5)) i)tn))))))))))))) ))))))))))) i 
n))))))) (kne(()))))))))() ))))!))))) )) an)!()))))))))))))))))))))))))))
;pe)i)te!)(()))))))))))))))))))) ))))() () 
((! h(
(t!(!!!t!)!))) a))))
))) )cn)! (w
i!an)))t!)!) ()) )) )))) )()) ))))))) i)a0'

jo(b (()c))!) ))) )!))))) )))())))) )))) it20
h)!) )) ))) t!))wi))q2)!g )))))))) )c)bia())) )c)x() (zro)d!)
))l!qam)())!!))())(;) tr))w)))))))) an))!))))()))) (ze))) ))))!) )cf)))j) a)coay,))))) !)))j))))))))) a))())))! )))) an))())k)))))) )))) t(
))))))))) in)
t) (z)(qkte))()) 
())))) hr)
())))))(!))))))))))))(5)))))))))))() i 0m0 0
t!) (e))!))))))))!

))))))!))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) w) att!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))()))))) hra)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an))(qi((!)) a)()))j'))(!)))))))))) )c))lanw!t!t!)!o))))))) )))))!!)!!) h))() ()))) an))(e!)) j)j)) )):!)))))))))))))) i)t))tye!)!lo)() )()())))())))))))))))))))))))) a))) tjke!(()j0()))))!))) t)))) )pqq))))) !))) an)))) )))))() i)))
e)
)))))) ())))) )) an)!()))i)))))))))))))))))())))) in!t!))q! o
(e !)))))!)!)))!)))))) ()))))) h!)()))))) an))()))))))))))))))))))) )c!)))))) )pq)ne2
ano))))))))))))))))(8))) )) (k) )t )))) ()jo (m!e!('s)c) )) o)c)))))))))))))() i))))) an)
)))))))))))))))) ))))))) i)))c)j) )) wre!())))!))))))))))))))()))))))))()()))() t4witn!()))l!) 0;o
(1)) ())))) ))))()))()) ))) t

))
)y jki(h!)))w!j)j)) )))))))) a)))))) ))))!)) inc!!t!(s!) i(!))) ()))))))) an))))))))) )))))))))))))))))) h)))x)j0) ar(
(()!)
) tr!))))))))))w)))!))))) )c)) t)ai(t!))))) wro!!(!k)! )m)!)!))))))))!)))))) )pq)))))) tri!m!5)))q))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an))))!j! q)r()))))))) )c)ze!)s()!!) )) axa)x to!)c!)))) ))))) ()))))) ))))!)) ()! h)))jo ()q
))())))())))))() )) tr))a))))))! t))))jvu)t)e()))!))))!))!))))) i!)()))!)) ())) 1tee(!!!)))) ))))) an)))))))))))))))())) (z))))))) in)t!())!))!))))))))) )))))))) (kne])))))))) an))())))))))) o)))))) ))) t) ))))) )cn)'sen!!)j))))) )) a)e))))))))))) a))))))) )bo te)))))))))))(!))))))))) h))()))) ())!))) if t1'
'qx. n))am)))))) )))))!!))!))))))())))))())))) a('
wr!)))))()()()())))(())))()) ()) ))))) inann!)()))))))))))!))))))))))))))) )))) ))) wrjn
t!!))))j))))))))!()j')l)))))))))))))))) inae!)!) )())qa(u)))))))))))!))))) ))))) )cnithe)((()))()))))))!)))))) a))(()))))))))) an)))))))))))))))))) 
)a))) )) t)));

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))!)))))))))))!))))) )) an!!js)))))))))))))))))))))))))) ar))t!)qa?voi)e)))!)t!))) )))) ))() ()))))) in)))q
ye!!) 3)wn)))))j))!0)1))))))))!))) ()) 
qle))) ))))()()))) ))! 1)))))))))) )p! 1m)qu)que!(!))))) (!) (m'())))) t')p t))))!) ))(!)))))()))) i 0mmt!))))))) ))()))))) wha!) )e)))))!)))))) ))))))) )))))))))()) wro t!())))))))) i)))) ()))) (!)))))))))))!) i 0et!))) )) )) )))!(j))))(8ho)j))))))))))))) )))) ))!) in)))t!)) (kn) (0
()j() an))))))j))) ))))))))))) !))) 1))) an)))))))))))))))))))))) in())))) ))) t!
1tee(!(wh)))))))())())) a) ) )) ))))))))))) in
t()))))))))))))))) h))))))))))))))))) (zezzmnyte!e!)!))))))
)))) )k())))))!())!)))))))) an)))))()))))))())))))))))))))) ))) )cn)'ssq
 t!))7
)))))))))))))))!y
)) )!))))) () 
(5:1
o!))!))))))))))()))))))))))))!())))) tzarl))t
)
))))))))))))())())!))() )))))))) an))())!))))) j!)))) )) a))'eg))))))!)q)) 
'))))) )) )p) 1xeee!))n!)))))))))))))))))))) )p))) )m)) )kdo)r n)))))))))) )))))))))))))))))) a)))!)))) i 0 t)k))n)!))())!) i) ))) ))) )) 1(a))) )p)lrjq )x!o')))))))) ))) wr!
) 8)) i)d))))))))) )p! 
) )) ))))))) (z!)) i)) ha()()))))))))))))()())))))())!))))))))) tze 1
)))))))!))) t) 
))ch)) t))))) !)!)) t) )() (z))))))) (zeriv!())e!))))! ))))) t!)))) tj!hj)))) i)))0: hr!!)

)))))())))))))!)))) )p)))))))) ))) h)
(8xze))))))))))!!)))) )) )) )cn!))))) ou()i)))))))))))))) ))))))))))))) ))))))) who!qiqin!()a()!)))()))z)))))))))))!)))))) )cn)'see!(m!x(u))
t!) 1 t))()))())))!)!)))))))) )cn)! )mqo))))()n)8
)la)) or)))))))) ))))))))))))) )))))))))))))))) an))())!)))!)))) ()))) tze!e)))))))
)1))hen!)())(!)
)))) (z))!)) i(t)ai)) o!))jxa(t)e o))))))))))))))))!) ))()) !)) ))) )) a!) 1ede)))))))))))!)))))))) )))) ))) ))))) h))qq
t
()))))(6

5) )kn) )())) 1) )))) )zr)?zzate
t!()))))q))))))(3)))))) ()))()) )p!)))) an))))))))))))))))))(5:)
) )))))! i) 
)

ye!e!())))l)te))))()))))))!))!)))))))))) an))!)))))))()))))))))))) a(): i)))t) 1!
1:1: an))1xk x!1)!!))!)))) ))))))))))))) t)) an))))()()))))))) )pqqey)!)j) )))w!)) ))) tr)!!(!))) )())))))))) a))))) an!()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) i) )cl)e o*)t!))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))))))) an))())))))))))))))) an)!)!!))))))) )po)))en()d))))))))))) ))) )cnito)j!)0))): wr!))
()zert)
)())))))))))))))) ))())) )cn))( )) )) 2wri))))))))))))!)))))))))()) t!))y!)))))() tri!!!!e))))))) ) )p5z)))) h)))) )))))))) wro!!(!j!)))) ))))) h!)!)!joa))())))!))))))) )) ))))))) ))!)) )cn)) an)())!!)))))) in))j))(q))))))))))))) )) an(!))!))) ())))))()))))))))))) ina)t!))) ()j' ono))))())))))))))))))))))!))!!))))))))))) if h(q!
(( t)))))x(kn)))))))))))))))))))))))()))))) an))(!))!))))))))))))()())))) ))))) )cn)'ser!!))))))))))))))))))())))))))))))))) )cni j; 1mt!(!!) t ())n))))))))))))) )))))) )))) )po t)))
)))
)))))))))) t! y))w!)))))))))))) tze!ee
)()))v)) ()))))))( x)) )))w)j))!)))) )p8 jm t!)))t!)jr))c(j!a))))))))) )p! ))))))))) in)
(q!) o!)wr)))!))m!)!)) )())) )c)))))() s'0)))!jke
) at)!)!j))))!))) !)))))!)()))())))))))) (zezzy t)))(()))))))))) i)) ))(c
)j)) (q))) 1):uon()!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ()) ))) wri()!()))))))qe!))))))))))))())))!))))))) an))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )cc)sa
(at)))))))))))) an)(!!!):)))()))))))))(5))))))))))) )c))loinh

ha!!!))))())))))!)!)) )) )))))))))))))) who!q(q((())) (z)))))))))))())))) in!)!)) 0c
xcooe()())))))))))))))))))))))))!)))))))()) wro t
)()))())))))))))))))))))))))))!))))))) tze 1x
 keet!))!)))))))(())))!)))!))!))))))))))) )cni j; 1wh()(())()))))) () se))
)))()))))))))))))))))) a))))))()()(? int!))))))))))!))))))))))))))))))))) o)) )lv0')bon()())q))()) 
))))))))))))))))))))))) )cni a)t-)((n!)) t

40))))) )pe()t!))))))))) (ze)b) ))))) a))br (zl())j))))))) t) 
xt!os!()q
)) ())))))) )))!)))))) )!))) !) () 
? at () ())() 1n!! ()z))) )) ()!!)) ()))))) tr))!())m!t)l))) )) t
0)w)) 1)) 0?) ))))) w) an)))!)q)p))))) )) a))) !)))) ))()))) t! cjkdn!te)v!)))) )))!) )())))))))))))))))))))) (knd!))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an))(qi((!)) a)()))j')))!)))))))))) )b!) h(a!)))!qla)()(x)) )))))))))) )pq))!)))) in))(
())) wh(t!
))()w))) a))))) )))))) )) an)))!)))))))) ))))) ))))))) ))) wro(( )!7jyj((z)n)) )p7
))n)))))!!))))))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )pq)nyok o!)l)s8i))))))))))(!))()

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))!)))))))))))!))))) )) tjiee!()))))))))))))())))))))))))))))))))) hra)))))))))))))))))))))))))))!)))))))))) tze 1
 7nn
u))j)))!()))))))))))))))))())))))) )p!! 1; ta!!)!!)))))))))))) i))!) io!!)))!))))))) )))) )) )c)x)l))))(8())) wra)
(2w)))( ))!)))))))) ()) )) ))))())()) t
-pe!t!)())) )mql)8!))))c))))))) ))))))) w)) !y ()jxt) ua((()))))!))))!!!))))) ))))) t)))))))) i()t
t
! 5o!)) 
()j) )pth)))))) )c!)))))())))) ))) (ze))!)! )))! tatt!)!!())))()))))))))))))))())))))))!())) 1te)
))))!))))))))) )pq)n))))))))) wr)!ir))0x!kjem!)))) ko))r))) )o!)(m)))()))) )cni)))) tmu))))m)) ))()!))(6)))) ())))!)!))))!))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) w) att!))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))()))))) i 0mtee!()())()))!))))))w))))))))))())))))))) if t'm)(mt!)() ))) tr)(
()c!)))))())())))))))))()))))))))))) an))()!))))))))))))))))))) a))) )))w)ln)j' ano!)))()) ))))))))))) )))) )))))))) i)))) an)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) t! a!t
' j? h ())!)i0 )bs 
o
!))))))))))))))!)q)))!))))!)))))) h)ta))())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) i) isa!jo)!)!
un)? ))i! ))1) )) !)))))))()))) )) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) is!(q
)) tzar
())))!))))))))))!)))))))))!))))))))))) an))())))))))))))))))))))))))))s))) )po!rm)!t!!))))))))!))) ))))) an)))))!))()))) )cn))b!))())))) hr)())())))))))))))))))!)) )))))))) )!))) ist!qm)me)))n)) )))()))) ))))))))()))))))) ))) wrjnqme))))))))))))))))))))))())))!)))))!))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) w) att!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))()))))) ifven!())))()()))))()))))))!)) ()))())))))) an))))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )pq)c
uen)()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) i 
v!t!)))))()()))))))))))))))))))))!))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) h)




qi()))))) ()()))))))))))))))))))!


y
o 0(())))))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))))!


y
o 0(())))))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))))) tze 1
r))))))))))!)!))))!)))!
))) a))!)! )mn
(t))))!))))))) ())))))))))))))) ))))))) an))()(qaut!!))))))(3)))))))) ()))))) ()! in
(!)e))j0ee(
())()z)qum)()) )!)) a))))! i) 
)))) t!))!)ql))w)ql))v6'sk.te))())) )))()))))!())))) ()))))))))))) (zezzm
w a!))))))))))))))))) an))()))))))))))) hr))())))))))()))())))))))))) )() )p)!()j'sen())))))))))))))))) )))))))) )))()))) (knd!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an!)!!t!))()))))))))))))!))) )p)))) (ze) tro)l!))!))))))))))))()))))) ))))))))))))) an))()))))))))))))))))) )bo )))
))) )pq)dre)(( )))))) an)!(ea!))))))))))!))))))))))))))) )))() in)!!: h(!!)))))) )))))) )cni)!)())))))) i 0a!):1  1wnn))s!)))())))))))) )))))))))))())))))))) an)))))))))))))))))))))) i))'cch)))0)qt!t ti))())())))))))))))))))(!))))))!)j)))))) an))))()))))))))))))))))) tj)) !))) )b )m?wg)t0 o())))))v))) ())))))) a))w!))))))))) )c)b wi((!)!!f)))))))(!))()))(()))))))))))))) hra)))))))))))))))))))))))))))!))))))!))) an)))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) w!

y t
)))))))())))))(()()()())))))))))()))() i 0qlm jkm ()))(i)())) 1y!)())!!!)))()))))))))) i 0at!)len!!8))) it!t))))))))))))))))))))))) (z!)) in)())!ve!e])!()))))))()) )) a()) )p)))j)) 1)
ti!)q(d)o!9s)u)q
u!)))!)!! ()j!)))))(()))) tj)) t5 () (!)))))) in 
t!)))q))))))())))))!)) )po!eq))()()))!)))))))() )k)))))) an))))))))
()))))))) )p) (z))())))) )cj)ls
o!(
)))))))))))))) )c)))1'!)))))))))))) i(
ihe!e) !))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) in

q
uue!()!()))))))))))))))!))!))))))))))))))) an))))))!))))))))))) ))) )pqq(k.))) (kn)]
a)
t (8)!
k)!
'))) ()))) ()l!qle)))) rj
o)!)))))))))) )))())()) () ))() 0))!))) i sjj))()))) ))))))) )p) 0)q)))))) )))) (knd!i()))))j))) )))))))))))))))))))))))))) inr!(qw)))q')))))))))))))!)))))) an)))!)))))))!)x!)))(33)))) ))))))) )pq)nde!
 (n!
e!()!!!)le))e)e)()l))) )))()))()) )c)x!jz)) w)) )q
or()!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )))))) i a)te())!!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )) (zezzzeh a!!)
 yn)())()))))))))))()))))))))!))))) ano)))!)))))))))))))))) t

))))))))))))))) an))())!!)t!)
1))))) )) an))))))))))))))1x)j)())))))(7)) in))())!()))())j))))))))))))))))) an))))t)v())) )))))) ))))! i))))))) )c)) t r
()))))))))())) )k))) )))) an)))))))))))j))) )) ))) )) ))))) an)
()!!)))))))))) o)


) )) )p)))c)j))jra
()j)()q)) 2)))!)!)joi)))))) ())))!))))) i)) ))))) t!)))) () 
'anq!e ()q)j;(()))))) )p)))) ))) )))) an))(!)))))m))

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))!)!)))))))))!))))) )) an)]n!())))))))))))))))))))))))!
)
))) h)

qqe!a
())!)))))ly))
))))))s)) ))))))) )cni) tr!())!!)))))))))!) )))))))) )))))))()))) tze ( (!
 x!'(z))!

')) 1))) )k))1? )))) )cner))!))()))())))))))))))))!)))(2)
())!) th)
! (at!q(j? j;()))))))()))) !y!)))))))
wr!))t0qee)))))) ))!))))))) t
()))) h!)p8! 'oy)vhx()!))))))))!))()) )))))))) ()! i)) 1t ()))))))))))))))))!
)) t)*)) )))())) ())))))))) a) the!!!(!())))))))(()))))))))))))))))))!)) isen!(()!))))))))()))))))) )p))))))))))))) i 
 r'(zk o!)) 1))))))(5)!) o!
))))))()))) h!))))


 1: he!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))!))))) ()(
: 
'8jnh!)())!))))))) a))))))))) a)
)) (z)p)))) an!)!)q!0x!!i)q
ue)(())))))))))))!))) ))) )cni))w))) ())) 1yi e)!n)))))))))))))))))))))))) )c!)) 1)
!y 1'

zl
o(u))))()(!))))))) ())))())))))))) )) a)'senr))()!))))))))))) )p!))))))))))))))))) )cni at)()))))))))))))))))))))!)!) )c)))))))) wroq(qu!)()) (( (k)))))) )) a()) an!)))!!))))))))))())))))) a) j?want)))) ou)!-)))q))))))))())))))))i)))))()())))!) wro!!))))))))))))()()) a))))s))c)ze))))))) wr 7( 0(n!)(w!)!(!)! i()! t0))) an!)!)!! t! 
it)))()))))))))))))))))))))))))) ()) )) t

 aynk)n!q
())l))))))))))))))))))))!)))))))!)jy 
'sene!))!)))))))))())) ))))))))))))))))))(2(31;
13ya
o!)
()))())))))))) ina()q!)) )))))))))))) i) h()))) () )))) )b o))q)!))))))) !y())))) ()) an(!)))!))))))))) a)))))!( i(b)()!)w)))5y t!t!d))))))) ))))))))))))))))!!))()))) )cni j; jqqm(em!()a(won!)))))())) )))))!)))!))!))))))))))) )pqqey(q
ekq) ()) (m)) ()))!))()))() ))()!)!)))))) il
h(((!))))))))))!)))))))))))) t)))))))) an)))!)!))))))))))))))) )))) )ks)))c)j')ccae; h(0)!)!qin! ))))
!))))!!)))))!)))))))!)5un!)))))!)))))))))))))))))))))) wr)ccy 0)c
xt0))n)
((((z))) (k!)))))!)())))))!)!!)) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))) i)))) )cn)cnene(())))))))))) axen))))!))) )))))))))) )cni a) ))))) 
) h)
t)()))))))))))) i)))())!))) )c)) (!)) wra!()))))))) ))))))))))))) in)))w
or))())( o)(q!)jj!) t))(y!!)!)))))))))))) in!)q))) t!)


)) 
qlo!o6!)!)))))))))))))))!) ()()))))))))) )cni at ()))))))))))))))())))))))) )c)))())))) an))t0e!!teqe!)))))))))))))))))!)))))))) (zezzm'm) t int!!())))))!))))))))))))))())))))!))))) (zezzmnyte!(m!q)))nt!e!)))())))))))))))())))))))()) an!)))))))))))))))))))) ))!)!))))!)) in)!qxt!)e!et)) ()) )))!))) ))()) a))))) o))t!))))))t)l)))m)w!q!)) t
o))j)() ))))))))) )p!))!) 1)))))))))))) an))())))))c()))j)))))))()) ))))))) (ze) tra())))))))))))) ))))))))) )pq))))))))))! h8!!(f!()e))))))))) t
)))he(! in))))))))))))!))))) )))))))))))) ))())) th((((!))))))))))) ()!!))(()))))()()!!!)) 2te)())))) !8!) ))))))))))) an)))))!)!))!) ar)())) ))) t!) )))))))))) t
(8)))))(() at ((v)j0)))m))) ))))())!)))))) )) ())))) wri))q)))) )cn)!)))))!!)))) in)
i)!b!)))))))) !) )))) if ene!!))))))())(())) h!)!))))))!)))))())) )kee!e))) (! 
'))))) wrj)(x)j)))))))))()()
ana)))!e)))))))))!)))))))(5))))))))))) h))nk)q)lxz'phe))) ))) )))))) )c)) !))))))) ()))))))() hr())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an()(e)()))))))))))))))))))) t))))! )))) tjje:tbni))))))))))))))))))))) ()))!)))))))))))) an)))))))))))))w)j)) )))))) a)an)!)b(al!pol!()q) ))))))))))))))))))) )))))())) )c)ble!)qi)
())!))h)jjd)))) o)(

()j)!))!!())) )ke(q()l))))) i0h)))))) ))))() () )) )p8)ln
c))()!)()))) t) )c)zvne!()) 1)
)mn)))j1'g))))j0))()) !y()))) )b)) ()jn)tr (!)!)))) )))))))))) )))))))!)!))))))() i 0m!(qzint!()))) )ge!j))!)j))))))))))!)))) )po)t!t!)))c
)) )ee))!) 8?)) w!!!) )m)))))!)) it!))!q)c)))c))))))) )))) a)())))) i!))) tjig!)(m))zmio))!)!))))))))))(!)!)!))))))))))))) )) 1ti eeaem))))
))))))()))))))))))))))))!)()!))) if 
1'ldn))))))) )))()))w)j) tr()))())))))))))))) )c)wx)jq))) )))))))) axe (e))))(wln9)ql)q)() )))))()))()))))))))))) )cn)))
j; in
t!)))))))))))))))))))))))!))))))))))) )pqqey( o!)))))))))))())))!))))!)))) in
))))))))) wrz?()) 1y)e)) (tto!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))()) th!(())!)))))))))))))))))!())))) )g))!))) isme!()t!!uqin)u)f)))))))))) !)))))))))))))) (z))(()j' wbn()))))))))))))))))))))))))()) ()))))!


ye!5e!
(mo)h)!)))) )))) )!))))()))))))))) ))) w))) 1x te!(
)em)a))))) )()))))))!))))))()))!)))) i)
1:1
o!))))))))))))))) i)) )y!)))))!))!)) int!)ji))))))))))))))))))) !y! )t))!))!) )cn

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol)))))))))))))))))())!)))))))))!))))) )) an)at!())))))))))!)))))))))))))!))))())) )w a)e t))))))))))()()))))!) !! i)))) 1))() t)) wro!!))))))))))))))))!))))!)))))))))!))))) hra))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))) an)))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )kn)!i j?k*knm))!!))qj) ou)()))))))))))!)())) )) )))))))))) t!)) is(t!)()))))))))))))))))))))) if)))) )))( tr!()))!)!)))())))))))))))))))))))) i)))) an)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) t! h!
jkdeie!)t7e))(yc))))))))))))))!!)))))))))))) t
))
)) t0 h
(())))))())!)))) !)))) )()) )c!))))) (zezzh n)9)()()! ()))))) ())) (kn!))))!)!!)!) )p8ete)
)
)))()l!))))))))))!)())())))) i)) w)ln
xv)vme!))))t))))))) )))))))))))))))())))))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )pq( o)(0!))))))))))))))) a( n)t)!x!!))))))))) ())))))))))) () )))))! ita))))!))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))))) (zezzmnyqa!t
)))() 0)! ))())))))) ))()))))!))))) hra))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))c0' jos!e!!te!et)))())) (k))))!)!))))))))))))))) )))) an))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))) th)(())t )))())))xq))5))))))!)!)))))))))) i a(
 j8fr!)p)c))t!) )) )(

)()))))))))))))))))) )pqqey(t0!(())!!!))))!)))))) )))!))) in
())!)! the!()())))!())) !)))))()())()))))))))))) if
1'lk!
 ) 0m))))j'0)lj)l)xtr(a()j)))))))!!)) )))))))) ))))))))))))) an!)))!
())()) 10: ))))))))) hr(!))())))) h)m))))) )))))))))))))!)!)) a() h(t!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))!)))) ))( ha!)!!)
()(
xy!qee)))))))))))))))))!)))))()))!))!)))) )) an!ac5))
mq)w!j() ))))))))))))))))))))))) )cnitoi!et)e!)))) n!2))))))))) ()))))))))))))))) tze 0e
)))))))))))) ())))))))()))) i))))) )po 1za30to)!)!)))))))))))))))))))) )) ))!!) ))!) an)!)!!!))
))))j)))) )cn)t! )) 20.)d) 0)i
xzyral)a))))))))))!)))))))))))))))) )) )))))) an)())))))))))))))))))))))) ))) ))) )cn)'sen(!))))))))))) )))))))) )) )) ))))()) )gjoscon
))
8v)))))))))))))))))))!)))()))))))) an!)))!!))))))))))))))))))))))
))) )po)rl)())))))))))))))))))))))) )pqqlo))!)!)) 18, 
(the)))!())))))))( )))))))))))))))!))))))) an)))))!)))))))))))))))))))))!))))) )cn)qlnint!!))!)))))))5) in0ta0))))))))))))))))))))))())))))))))))) (voqe
o()())))))))))))))))))) an)))) ))) )))))))) t) 
')po))
u)))))u)))() o!))z)))1xki)))))0!))( h)! () )))() a)))) !) (k))j))))) an))))!qu))xzl
)))mt!))))))()) ()) () )mqlem)())))))))))))))) )))))) )!)))())))) (zezzrj? h)
()))()))())) ())))))))) a) )b))))) a) ha()(qu0!)(! ())))) h()!)) i)))t!)))!!)) tj:eknte!)))z))!)!)))) )!) )))())))())))))))))) tze 1x x! (z)lnee)))))))))))())))) ))()))))))))))) tz)) t4;oi()))))))))) a)))))))) a)) )b!)))!))j) an)!)))j())))))))))))))))))))))) )))) i! is
((())))))))) tjkk)i!j!7) t))) !))!))) in
(-))) e)))))()l)) )m)e!) )p4o!()ve!)) a))b!q))))) (z)) th))))
))! )))))))) )p!)))6'

())))))!)(zl
os
e)))x)l'(k)))) ()j)))))!())))))))!)))) ina
(())sta))))w))) and)))))))))!)))))))))))))))))())))))) )() tr)))))))))())())))))()))))))())())) )))) tjjknt!!)))))))) )))))51:))())))))) i)))))) )ksjo (
())))))))))))))!())))))))))))!))) )p) 1

ona!))))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))))))) an))))))))))))))))))))) ))) w! t))) )cn) t (
un)( (!)))))))))!) ))))!())j)))))))))) a) th)tet)))!))))))) ())))(5))) ))))())))))!))) i 
n)
t!))))))))))))!)))))))))))))))))!)qinaiua)ai!)q)
!lo))))))) ))))) )))))))))))))) a) t) an)))))))))))))))))))))())))) w))))))) (knd!))))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))))))))) wha!oq]0)8])))))) )))))) w!) h)))e))()))che)!)())))) n))!))))))))))))) w))))))))) an)))))))))))))))))))))))))) t
)))q)km)wan!!qlo)))))))))))))))))))(!)!)))()))))) ina!)qq)(())))))))))))))))))) wh)) 
)))) )jone!(ath!e)))))!)))()))))))!)) ))))))!))))()))!
 kt (t!(
!)))))()))(5)))))))))!)) ()))))) an))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )pq)nt'sjate)(!*()))))!)))!)) i())))))))))))))))))) iftha
()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))!


y
o 0))))))))))))))))))))!))))))))!)))))))) an))))())))))))))))))))))))))))))) )k )v6ez)qait!)))))!)!)q
u)f)
)t)ln!))))j)))) )p))) 1) )))))()) )) t)u)uta!!)))) (l!) )m)l!)en))))) )p)))!)())))))!


2)leea)j((wna)(t!) )))))))))))!)))))))))!))))))))))) an))())))))))))))))))))))))))))s))) (ze) tra()))))))))))))))) )) an)))))))))))))))!)))))))))))))) in
())(ee(
o e
o!(),)))) ))) ))(()))))))))))))))))!()) 
y 7xhe!!q(!j)))))!)) )()!()())))) a('(u)nj(na)())2)))))) an)))))!

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))!)))!)))))))!))))(6)) ha(())))))))))))))!()))))())))!))) ))))) hra)))))))))))))))))!))))))!))))))))))))) tze 0e!))))!))))))))))) )) )) (z)ja ))))) )sor(()))))))))))))) )) ()))))))))))) a()c!yque ()
() ()
)
! )) ()))( t!u ! ))!)) (k)) tr)!))))))))))))) h))))))))()j) ())))())) an))))))))z)()))))))))) ))))))))))))) h!ql!em!))))))() ()!)()j) i))) t!j0)))))) h)
))j)) m)cjqq)(0x))))))0))))) i))b (!) 1 o))(
))ja ())))))))))) ))))))))))))))) (zezzy no!!))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))()))))) tze 1qt)())))))))))))))!)))) )c)bl)m))))! )mjpy))))))))))))) (z)j))))))))()))) an))))()))))))))))) ))))))))) ())) a)ax) th)!!()!bu))bw) ())())))())))) ())) !)))( x)))) i!th!!
hat))() )))!)))))))))!)())) ))))))))))(8: t6kveja (1 (ws))0) ()) ()) )!))!))))))))) ))))) hra))))))))))))))))))))))))())))()))))))) an))))())))))))))))))))))))))) a))) )pe)jer(to))(()())()))()))())))))))) ())!))))) )) 1we)()())))))))) a!a
)kde))q)))))))) )!)!)))))()j))))) ))) ))) )cnitqjo b!j)w))(5:)) h)
)c)))))))(!))))))!)))))) int!!q))j)))() )))))))))))) ))))) i ())) (zezkmzlee z))
)))))) 1) ((w))))))(6'())))))))!)) ino!(qme))))!))()))))))))!))))))!)) )))) () o!ri)!))))))))))()))))!) w(()))))))))))) i! in

()))))))))))))))()))) )) tj)e)))!))) i0;an(())) in))(!())))) )))))) )c)b))))) )po)))j))) 1y)jat!q
t0l)p!q)))))))))) ()))))))!)))())) a!)) tr))!))))))))))(w!))))))))() )k!) (kn!)))'

t0;ld))))p
))c))))(
)) )))))))))!))))) hr()!)))!))))))))())))) ))))()))))) )!)) i 
v!!!!))))))))()))())) ()))))) ))))))) an))!o )!))())) ))))))))))))) ))))) )p)) t1
!(!()!)) i))())))))))) h)ta)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) i) if h(q
(()!))!))))!!)))))!)))())))))))))))) an))))))))))))))))))))))) hr())))))q))))))) )!) 1)) o))))))!)))))) ina!e()m)) ()))))))))())))))))))))(9)))) )cj1xz
wg)in!)))(!)))))r)j!)) ))))()!)) )()))) )womo!!)()())())))))))))()(()))))))))) )))! innt!))(())))))))))))))))())))))))))))))))) an))))!!)))))))) i)))cro ()) )mq))))) i)))!)))))())))))))))))!)) ism!)p2
yt))))))) ))) a))))))))))))))))))) ))) i) tj1
)knn))) ))) )c())) t) )) ))))))))!) ))))))) )cnithe6!!)
an)
y
)q
))))))))!)))))))))))))))))())) )po re)))!))))))(!))()))))))))!))))!)))!))!)) an))(())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) t! atta))!()))))))))))))))))))))))))) !))))))) an))))e))))))))))))))))))))) )))))) )cn)'sea(e!)))))))))))))))))))) ))))))))))))) t


( a)))!!)))(()j'()))))))))) )po !() keg!))) ())d!


ye!)jo))!)))))!)))!))) )cn)))) w))) !) h)(ae))v!)))(! h)))e!))())))e!))))))))))))) an)))e!)))))))) ))))))))))))))))))) )c))cha!t

t!()j) ()))()) () !no)))))!())))))))))))) )))())))) )c)ze!)) ind!m 0
o)e)))) ))))))) )))))))))))))))())) () )) tr)(
()())))())(!)))))))) !)))))))!)()))) tjo!t!q))o)ev8x)t ))) w!)))) ))!)()) ())))) (k)j!) (e ())!)))))))))))))))))))))) )))))))) t)) wra))))))))())))))))!)!))))!))))!)))!)))) if ta()))))))))))) ))))))))))))))) w)))))))) an))))))))) ()q))))))) )))) )p)l)))j)ls)en5ya))n()))))))) )))))!) )))))))))) ))))) an))!)))!))))))))))) in))))))))) )) )po!0qee!q!))ajql)j!)))))))!! )p8o)))) )))( o))')j' () an))a() )c(nc()()q!))) )c))) )))))))))) )pq)ncitq)) t0
)
5)) ()))))))))) ())))!))())) 1ut)))))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))) i) t) 1w!(0quh))())w!() () )))! o)t)!))!)))!))) i) ())) t)t!ijt!)!) ()) 1 () 0k)jxf))) o!o!!)))))))) )p!) t()) ))) ))) ax!) )() t!)kn)e!o)))))()j)!)))))))!)))))) a!a!)) h)))

 que!))))c)!()) ))))))) !) ())!))))))))) i)tjac*
i!!)) 
(9:(
t0eo!!() (v))))))))))))) ))) io!)))))!))))))!)j'see!()))))))))))))))) ))))))()) )) ))) )) an)))))))!))))))) o))) ))! ha()5i))))!))(1)())) )k!j)j)!))))!)))))) an))(!!)))))))))))))))))))) ))))))) )cn)'ser!!)))))))))))))))))))) )cn)))))))))) )cni t!))!!)
))))) ()))) ()( tr)()))))))))))))))) in))))))))) )))))))) an))()))))))))) ))) ))))))))) )p))) ) o!)t!(!!)))(!))(!)!)))!!!))!)) (z)c))))) s'0 
xvo)e!!!()))!))j) ))!) i))) )zer))))) t))k!j'ss
to)))))))))))))())!))))) ))))) ))))))) () 
? 1405: t1wmxk 6k))(
)))) !ywm!q)))))())))) ))))))!) )) an))))))))))))))))()!)(()j0)) )cnte))))))))))))))))))))))) )) )() ()())()) an()()))))))))))))))) )c)sm!)) ))))) o)):) ha())))min)))) ))!)))))!))))) ())))))))))))) ))) wrjeq
(()
()))))()jno))))))))))))!))))))))))())))))))) ))))) i 
m)ihe!(())))))) ()) 
y
)))))(

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))) () 
? 18you
o!) ))()))()))))))))())))())))))))())!) is0te))())))))))()))))))))))))))))))))))) i) hra))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))c0' jos!e!)te!et!())))))())))))))))()))))))!))) tj))) i 1xo!v())))!))))) ((a?)))))))))!))))))) t!) o!j0!the)))))))))))))))))))!)))) i))!)))) )cn!'sever)!))))()) )))))))))!))))))))))))))()) hra))))()))))))))))))))))))))))())))))))) tz
(em!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )) an)!e!)))))))))()))))))))))))))) a)) h))jjo t)))))))))))))))))(2))())) ))))))))))))) an))()))))))!))))2)))) (zez)))w!)) )cj) tr (()!)))))))))))) w)))))))) a)))))))))) an)!s!))))1)))))e)))))))))))))))))) )dn)ene!!o )))j')) t!))l)kdo ()))))))))!))! )))))))) )))))) i) ()))) t

(e!))((!())))))()) a)alo )() o)q
))))))))) )))))() i)c)e!()!))))) ))) ha))))))))))))))))()))))))))))))))))())) an!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) h)
in 
t!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))!!(k!)j()j'0
h(()!()! 1'9ga[te!)r!)))) ()))))))))) ()))) ()) !y)) t7)t
o))!)))!))))))qlam)!))!)))))))()!))))))) ())) t) )) )mn!
ur ))t)))
)q))) ())))))))))))))))))()) ))) wrari))))))))))))) t) ))))()))))))!))))))))) an)))))!))))))) )))))))1)8,))) i)))w)m (tee)!)))))))))))))))))(!!))()))!) i!))))) istl!!o())((( )) )) wr())))))))))))))))))))))))(!))))))))(3)

joi)!e!!!!))))))))!)))))))))!))) (v)))))) in0

e)t!)()))!))) (k))) ()) ))) o)))))))) tri!)))))))))))))))))))!)) )) w!)) ))!)))) i 
nd!!))))))))))())))))))) ))) )))))()) wr)lo e)()!)()lv
e!))))))))))))))))))!))))))))))))) in!
0okne!e [)).))))))!)))))())))))))))) )())))) an))()))))))))))))))))))))))) t) () ) t!m)j()!)))) )) 1)h8)) )ke))))))))))))) i a((()q)wo ()!)))))) ()l)q())) 2)))))!) a)
ajj)))) or)(o!!)!0)))))))))))!)))))()!)))) ())))) tze!0e!)()!!)) th))()))))q()) ))))))))!)))) )c))))))!))! hr()!)))))))))))))))) )c)ble!()(o)))))!)))z)))))))))))) in!)!)))))) i(0 
'9hh)(
th)e)))!)))(()()))))))))))))))))))))))))) hra)))))))))))))))))))))))))))!))))))))))


y
y
yr t
()()))) )))))))))))))!)))))))))))))))(7rj)(i))!)!)))))))))))) t))))) )) an)!))!)))
))))))))))))) ))) )p)jq i*t8) 7!(bi(]b!()))))))) ))))!))))!)!))) a) temt
())))) )m))))))))) ))())))))))))))))) an))))()))))))))))) )))th!t
o)(!))))()))) )) sjjf))))))))))))))) () 
))):ui0')cno!))))) t!) 1we))!)))))))!))))))))) ))))))() ())!)) 1he!(m)()!)))))))))))())))))))()))))))))) an))))!)))))))))))))))))) )))) a))))cc) f))))))()c))) 0)) ))))) t))l!) t) 
)( i)q ()j) ))b)( ou()!))!)e!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) is
jjke)))))))))()))))))))))!
)))) )))) t)) 1me)()(()()))))))) ))))())) an))))())))))))))))))))))))) i))))))) t! ana))()))))))))))))) an))e!))))))!))) )))))) ))))))))))) )p!) 1wr)!((!!(!)) ())())) ))))))())() )k!)) an))))))))))))))))) ))))))))))) t! )) a)alt!)))))))))))))(8)))! ha( !)!) h!)
))) 0x:cj))t!)) ))))))))))) h!!))))) hr())!))))))))())))))))) ))!)))))))))))) istl (kne(t))!)!))))))))))!)!))))))))))))!))())) an()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )) an)!e!)))))))))()))))))))))))))) a)) h))jjo t)))))))))))))))))) ))))))))))!)))))))) an))))()))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) )pq)nd o o!o))()(nn)te!)))!))))))))))))))))))))!)))) ))!))))) ih((qa(e!!(9uyw) ())))))))))!)))))))!))))!)!!) i))) )b


aro)!))))))))))))(8!!))) ))))))))))))))) )gjosq
on())))!) h)))))))))())))!!))))))))()) )(
t0)v()) 1wn
e))())())))() )))))() )))))))))))))) () 
? 13ro)()))))))(()))))(()))))))))))))))))))() th!((()!!!(()))))))))))))))))))))()) ())) th(((!))))!))))))!!!)))!))))))()))!)))))) an))()))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))) )cn)'senh!!) une!)))))!())))))!)))))())))(!))))))!))))) t

ate!)))))()))))))))()))))))))))))))))))()) wroeqle!q!)))) t)) )kno())))))!)))))!!)))))))!) )))))() ()() )be
t
 )(()))))))))))))))))))) wro()))z)))) an (q)j)))!()))))!))))))!))))))))))))))))) an)))))))))))))))))))) )c)bue)
t)))1))x!qa)n)en))))))) ))9t!))))))))) a(an)m))5))j)) t
o!j)e)())) !)))))))) )) t!) )) 1) !))))) h0
r))! (ze!) t )n)j))) 1))!) a)))))))!))))) an))))))))) h))b!q)))))) )pra())t!!)))()) an)!)j))!)))) 0))))))))(())))))))))) an))())))))))))))))))))))))))))s))) )pq)nci
e!
(9()))) w)(z()lnn)) )))!!q!)) )) )p8noo)))))))))))))))))))))!)))))) a))wh)!))) in!)!)) r)!())) ()() )))))) )) a() h))))qea!t!)) t!)))))))) o!)
i)))))))!)j) (k))ln
(())0() 0z)

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol)))))))))))))))))(!)))))))))))!))))!)) hr()))!)))))))))))))))))))))))))())))))) an)))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )cn)'seat!(())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an!)!!t!))())))))))))))!!))) )p)))) (ze) ty t07)! )))))))() )))))))))))))))!)))))) )pqqey! )kso)())))) ))))( (()))))))))))) )))()) )bo j;u0 inei)!)))))))!))))))))!))!))))!)))) )))) )) an))()))!))))!))))) )))))))))) in!tia!))()))!)))))))))))) ))))) (z))))))) (zeri !))))())))))()))))))(5()j's)w o!!)) ()) o)(iha))))(())))t()))))))!))))))) (z))))) in0th)))))))!)))!)))))))!))))))))))))))))) )pqqey()wg!)
x
*)cej')19
(zez! xve)() )k!))))) or(())!)!)))))))))))))))())))) ()))())))) tzanq 0 (( is!))()))))))))))())))))())!))!)(!())))) tzathe!((q) t)u())))))())())())))))))))()(!)) an)!))()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) w!
13yn
((!))))))))))))))!)))))))))) ))) ))) ita!ene*r!))))()))))()())))))))()))))))))) ))) or))
 
))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an))())))) wr(())))))) ))) w))))))) )kn)[a q e))))))()))) wl))))) )))) wr!
()))c)ce)))
 ()j)) )))))))) w) t!)))qut!()))j))))7))j) 
)!

)()
h)
)))))j)j) tr!)*)q!)!())))
!

yn!)]) )k!)))))))))) in!)
!q)((z) )):) iste!!))()!)))))))()))))()))))))) () )))))) wri)))))))))))))))))))))))) )))) in))))))) ifth))))jf!
)vo)() )))!))))))) i))c))))))) h)0)) 0?vu(a()jnot))))))))!))))!))))))))))))))))))))))))) tze 0e!)!)))))))))()(
() 
))(b) i())))))vo!j5'e)d
()cn)())) ))))))) ())))))) i)
1)) w)q)) ar)))()())))) ))) ))) )()) )))) w) a)lo)er k!0!)))) )))))))))))!))) ))!)())))))))) if ta
*())))))))))))))) )))!)))))))))))))))) i 
nd!))))))))))))))))))))))))))!))))))) in)
hna(
())))))))))))))))))))!)))))))())) ))) h)!
(t (0 t)))x!)))))))))))))))) )))(!!)() th!(()))))))())))!))))))))))))) ()))))))) an))))())))))))))))))))))))))) t))) )po)rl!o) )))))()!(6' in))))())!))) a!)()))!)5ysj0!
 )q(k!o))xzl))
 )))l))); i)
()))))) an)))())))) )))))))))))))) )))))))) )pq)ncinv[en)!!) it!)))))))))) )))!)))))!))))!)! (vo)j))) 1te))! t!)))) (k! o![z))))!)! t!o')) ))))) t
)
t)) 0)s(v())nc()
))w)))) )m)) 20!))) a)a'sha))
)() )ent))) ())())!)))))))) )))))))) ))) )) ))(
hra!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))))))(31:en([(
 (!()))))))))))))) i)))))))))) )cni jme!))))))))))))) o))))!)))))))))))))) )) an)[n))()))))))))))))))))))))))) an))))))n)qi))a))))) )c)z)ls))
i)))t)))) i)l(wnn(!()))))))) ()()))) )))) ()))))))) (()! hi()))))))))))))))()))!))))))))))))))(!) a)ame t!!)!!)!))))!)!)))))) ))))))))) )))))))) an))()))))))))))))) ))))))))) )p))) )mn)
os6(!)))))))))) )))) a)))))))) in
)))))))q)j' h)t7))))))))) ))))))))))))()))))))))))() i 0m e!))))))))))))) ()))) )pq(w)))))!)) )cjate)))e)))
)q)l))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ina!! (m))) )))))))))))!)))) ()) )) )))) )po
th))()))))))))))))))))()))))()) ))))))))) i a)te())!)()) (v o!
))))!)))))))))))!)!!))) ))) h)
t!)))))(qq[t7wn)!)))))))))!))()))))!) w) ata)))q
()
an)!) ()))))!)))))))))))))))))) hr()))))))))()))))))) i)) w))))))))))))) an))()!)))))) )p)))) )) an))))))))j) )!)le 
(()) j())))))))!!) ())() t!) wr)(!i!)) t)
u))e)) sm)))))))) i!))))))((z)) tr!)) ()))))!))))!))((q)))))()!)!)!))!))) an)]))))))))))())))))))))))))())) ))) h)

8
)![))w! ) )))))))1')qle)) wr)))))!))))) hr!))))(())))!!!)))))))))())))))))) ))))) hra!))))))))))))))))))))))!)))))))!))!))) i 
n)!)e!!))))))))))))))(8!!)(j))))))!)) in
t))))))))))()()))))))))))))))))))))() )cner)))))))))))))))))))()!)))))))))))))))) tze 1e!)))))))))))))))!)))))) t)))
a))!))n) o!r()))!())) )c)))) )))!!) )))))) )p)))) t
o]!9xd))) ()(k))))))) ))))) )!))()))))) ou()!!!)))))))))))))!))))))))))))))!)())) 1te!o!)()))))))))) ))))))))())))) t))))) )po ())))))!)() 2)))) (k)) a)qlq)owi)()))))!)))))))))))) )m!!)))!)))) )p)) t1 ())))))()(!))!)))))) ()))!) ha()()l))))))))))))!))))()!)!))))!!))))) i wmt!)!))t)))!)))))!))))))!) ())))))))))) an))())!))))))))))))))))) ))))))))) )pq)ndqoe
()q((())))))))) )))) )p! )))) 1)))))))) tze(ee!e))!))e))))())))) an!)))!()q)))!()()))) hr!())) )))!)))))) (v)jm0o!nn)))))))))!))) () 
))())))))))))) () 
') o!(o!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )()) w
(v0?o,)
j(e)te))t!))))))!)))))))) )())) h(()l)j))))) ha(()))))))!))) )))))))))))))))))))))))) t

)qki!e!)cr!))))(m)(
t)()))))()) )))! ite!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) )cni j3ys
()())))))))))) h)

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"mcised his son isaac being eight days ol"
mcised his son isaac being eight days ol))))))))))))))))))!)))!)))))))!))()! () 
'8bjok!e!n!(

)t)) o!)))!
)))!!))!)))))))!)) i)t0))1(() )) j?.kh()))))))))))))))))))) a) t)) tr))))))))))))))))))))))) ar!)))))))))))) o(t!)! ))w)jo0) ))c!) 1) tr!)))
)) ()!))))() t)l!) (bo!()))))))))(5j) in!)() )q))))()))))) )) an))()))) ))))))))())))))))))))) in!t!))qa?jpoi))(a!)))))()))) ))))))))))!)))))))())) ina)!tjii qm0?)))t))))!))))))!))))))))!))!)))) in
t0
()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))())) an!)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) i) hra)()))))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))())) if tam!))))))))))))))))))))()!)!)()))))))))) hra)()())))))))))))))))))!)))()))))))!))( h((f (e)!)))!!))) ))) ))))) in)
t0
())))))) tri(at))(q)))m!))))))))))) ()(()j)!))))))! h((qqe()(qut)!j)(())))))))))())) i 0!)p! )))) )cih) (ven)))(())!)()))))))!))!)()))))!)))))))() th((((())))))))))!)))))))))))))())))!)))) if tam)()!))))))))))))))!))))))))))))))))))) hra)))))))))))))))))))))))))))!))))))!))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) t) 1 tq 
v!t!en)t!))!))))))))!)q)) ())))))) ()()) an))!) 1 t!( ())))()))))!))))() i)))t0)))jja))) (kno(!)))))())(())!)))!))!)))())()))))))) )pqqey(0 in))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ())))) )zent!e)))))))!)))))))))))))())))()()))) a))waro e))))()))t)) (z())) 1))))) a)))))))))))) axee!)c!t(0ha))!)))!)j) )!)))))))))))((j)): (zezja t

(quae!))) ))))) )))))))))))))) )))))) ))))) an!)())!*))))))))))))) i) h)! )zke) )pe)!e () y
))))!)))))w)()))!))))))(3)))) )p) 1w)qa(t!)* 2)*w!j'((v)j0?szz:ol!)jk)n)()) (q))))) )k )!) ))) )) () )! yzlt

()))w!)!!))()l))))))))))) )))))!)!!)j'set!)!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) if jme!())))))))))))))!)))))())))))))())))() hr())!)))))))))))))!))))))))))))!))))))) ifvt)uh!
i!() ())) ()))()))))))))())))()))) )) an))
t! t!)) h)))!)))))))))))))) (k!))))) )) i))t!()j? jmtit)))!))()))))))!))))))))))))))))))))))) an!)()!))))v)a)))))))))) h)))te!)))))) )) )))( )))n(jou)))())!)! ) ())!))))) )cn))) )) ('(k!o0zoxn7)qaes!(w!)))) )()))) (()j!!)))))))))(3)))) 1yi ge!(()))))(())))))()))!())!))))))(!)))) osa!))()))))))))))))))))()))))))))) ))))) i 
m)ihe!)))))))!
xvt!)(!))))!))))()!)))()) h))()e) !)l)())))) )) ))!))) )p!y)cr
))) h)(n)() i
()!)))k0; ))))) !) (! ())))!)) in0()()))( h) (()))])!))))!))))))())))))) if
a?)() trin!!))) k)))))))))))))))))))))))))())))) wha((y
t
o))())te)))))(q)) 
)))))) )))!)!))!!)) th!)
)))())))))))))))))))))))))!)))))!))) an))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) ))) h)




qi()))))) ()()))))))))))))))))))!


y
o 0(())))))))))))))))))!))))))))!)))))))) an])()!!)))))))))))))))) )p4)zh)) s!oi) )))((m)))))))))) )c))))()))) !))))2: t2d!qe)!t))))))j0:)()))))))))) (!)) )p!) 1we)(
!)))))))))()))))))))) ((a))n))!)) itae)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) an))(qi()!(h))!
)) ))))))))))))))) )c))laac0qae!)n x!9w)) o))t))qino))))))!!)))))) ))))))) )g)))))) )) )) (zezthei!()))))))))))))))!)))))(()))))))))))!)

y
0'kn)()t))()) )k)))ckk!)) )p!!) )!)) if! () )gen)))!0!)) )) )(
t!)qinan)))))))))))))) (z)) the!))))!)))(!()!)))))))))()()))!)!)))))) an))())))))))))))))))) )cc))))))))) )pq)nciue!!0t ())t)()e!() )c)x())()) )))))) () )kson)()))) )
)) ))))) ))()) )!)))))))!)))) ih(t)!)p)))()))) i))))))) )cj)))mj))!))) is)qlz! t)u!)))))!) t))!)(z)j))))))))))) )c!di); in
()!! ()))) ()))) )k)))) )))) ))!)) )) i-e's
o!)))) aq)b!))) i))) 0;))) )) a)!)!) (zezt!( t)(fer! (!) )) )))) )))() (()))) )))))))(()() i 0
ca!!9te)()))))) )) !)))))))))))))!))))) hr((])))))!))))))))))))))))!))))))) )))) if h()())))))))))))))))))()))) )))) ))))))) an))() -)!!t0) tr))l))) )kn)))()))!()))) (z))))( ))())!
 xwe!!(
y)))7))o))))))))!!)))))))))))))))) in!
ih))b(e
())j)j)) )))))!) ))) ))!)()) )m) o[oq! 
0!!)ju)) 1qu)tn!)))) ())))((!)))))))))))) ))))) )))) )pqqee*))))))))))))))))))) )pqqe))loe!(
)))!))j0: th)q)!is
))))))))))))))))))) )) ))))) ))) ))) )cner()))))))()))))))) ))))))) )c)) an!!)))))))))))))))))) )) )m ))! o (0!)) )))!))))))) in))( t! )qa)!)))))))n()) (z))))) in()!))in!))(]v)j))) 1ye ))q))) )))))))) )) )c)x!jj))))! )p)j) )cndr) ()t)))i!)!)) )) )) ()!) )g)))())))))) an))())))))))))))))))))) )))))))))) )po!eb  o))))))))))))))()))) a) )k!)))!))) i)) )beizite))j)))!)))(6())) 1)) )))!))) ))) )))) (kno(()))))))!))))!)))))))))))))))))))()) (zeztit!))))())()))))
-----------------------------------Iteration 20
----- diversity:0.24----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!((!(!()()!!!(()!(!)))((!!!!((!! (! yqzll!!!!!!(!((!(!(()())!)!(y!!)!!()j!() 
' o)(0!!
(0))0!((!!((q!! o!t0)!()!()(!))(((!()(()!)!((!(((!!!!!(qupger)(())))()()(((((((((()() o)(!)(()(!!()l))(!!!((qu(((((((((!((!!!(qulg! fe!
(()()((!!(9!!()))(())(9))(!(!!(z!)) tjke!k)t!)!!!!!!(!!(!(!!!!
(zr!(
(!!!(zle!
(wlee(((()((!()))()(((((((((())(!())!!!)!!)joqlni!(()((((!!!(((!!)((()))!((()j!!)())(!()jo a o)))(!!!!)!!!))))!!!!!)!)!(!)(!)!)!))()(

o!t))(q()!((!!(((()(!(!!!!
()!!((((zer!
))q ti)()()()!!())(!!!())((!)!!))()(()!((()j'ser()!!!!()((!)!!!!))))!)))!()(((!)!!)j))! o! (((!((((()!(!((()(((((((((((!!(9:)
(8:
13: t3 h()(!!!)!!!!!(!(((((()!!(((((()!(!(y!))(2: hra!(e)!((!!(()(((()()))())()))()(!()!)(j! y
on!v0)e!!h))!()()()()(()(())!!!!!((z!)(!((zree())(!!)()(())()))))))((!()(? )(
the!!((((((((((((((!(!!(!()(((()!!(!!(!((queh()))!))3(!((qun)!(ze!)()((! ()!(((z! ! in!)(!)ql!((!)))j0)(!)()))))())(()(! (((zera!rne!n!(!!!((((!(!))!!))((!))(())()((!())(9: in
t!)!!))(((()((((()((()!((()((((!!(()! ('sen(!)!))))))((((())))())())))))))()(()) tr))!!(!!!((!)((!!(((!(!!((((()((((!(!((zlei!((()(()(())(()()(()))(()(((((()jo)j0kc((m!!v())()) t
())))(!!y)((()(
((! !(
!(((zre!q!!)(!(it!(()()!)))!()()!((zl
i!())!)!!))()()()()(!(()())!)))())! (zeraa

(t!u
)!(! y
!))())!()(()(!()))(((()! 18 (ze)! t!oe)!)))((((())(!!)((! ( o(!)))!(!!!((!(((!())(((((!() (((zera(((wm'mto o!!!(!(! (w)!)!(((()(()())(())))()!((!!!
an(a!e!e((())))()))()())(!!(q!((((z))( t!te)!(!()!!()()))(5:(! josa)))((!)!!o!!(()le!me (u)(!)))(()((!)()(!((!(!(((()(()(((!)(!
o!e)!)!!))(((!((!(!(!(!(!((!!!(((((((()) 
qle!())))))(())()(((((())!!!yj'(!!!!(!
13yom!))())())((!!!))(()((z!()) ()(!)!()j(! rne!! (()!((!(! (!((z(z())))((z)((((v!!)) th()(!(()!!!((!!!(!()!()j'!( ((k!!! (!()(? it1)j0)!ja())(((!(!!(((z!(9!(! yqem(9!z!(!!!(q((!(((!!((qu!)!))!
1!!!)(9 tr))(!(((!!!!(!!!!!(((((!!!(((!!((((!!!!
an0 e))!!!)(!())(())()())())))((!!)(!)) )(
(zeri!t!!!(!!!)(!!!()(!!!!))!()j!)(((zlt!()())))!)!!()j(((z))))(())(((z!! in!e!1'2jaj((z(zh!w))()ql)mt!((! (9!!(()
)((!)j(z((((!(!) o!)!))!!!!!))))()!)!)!!)!)!!!!!!!!!(!((ziqlem!((q!() ((z(()))))!) (!)) t()!)) (((k) o!0!!)((((!(()!(!(((((!!(!!(!!)(((!((z!(? in
(())()!)!!!)!((!)!!!()()!()))!((zr! (thn

(te!!!!)!!()((!!)(((!(!(!!()!!(()!(! )(()(
tra)()))())((((((((((((())))((((!(()(((!!) tjk.' o
a!!(!!!(!!()))()!())!()(!((((()!)(!))(; tjje vex 0))()!()(!)!!)(!((( o!((!())(!!(())()(!(!(!((((((((()((!((((zlehta
(()!!)))))(((!!(())!((())(()()j()(! o!qi)))q )0)) ta!()m!j!!!))! ()((!)((!()j!!!)((z!!!)((9: t4 i(())!!!)!)!!(((()(()!()j!)!5yj1(cr!() ( th)((((!!()j(!()(((()!!()!)(((!((z!!))!!! o!oqqe!(!)!(!((((((((!)((((()()(!((!() ((wamta!!
((!!)!)))!()!(!(())()(((!)(((!()!!) ana))(!)(((!!!!)()(!(!))(((()!!!()))((q!(! nhe!)))!!((((((((((!))))))!)))()!))((()((zroi)(!!!))))))))(!!!!!))!)(!!))((zr!) 
(!
an)
!)((!()(!(!!!!)!!!(!! ((k! (! yqe!)qiym)e
!)1(5)!)(()jo!)()!!)(!(!))())(((zr! 2h(te)(!))())(! o!((c!(!j!je!(!(h!(!(())(!(((!!!!(!((z)leatl(!()()(!)(!)))!()((!!!!(!) ())) 1 o(()))))))(((((((((((!(((((!(?)j!!(! (w i
 ()!(!)!(())!(((!((!((!!(!((!(!((!((! yes!)!!!!)!)!!!!!!!!!!)!(()((!((zr))l
(!(
t0ko!xe!!qu!
((! ( (f t!(
tj!!!(5)(zbi( t))5!o!e!t!!) ( ()(! ((k!))!((z)!(?((!(! o!ti(()!!!!!!(!())((!(!!!((((!((zr!(!(((zlte(!))(!!(!()((()(((((! y
)!!)((q)(zle!))j0qlli!)(!! !) ((kn) ()!!)!) !(9:)!y!!)9ek
()j0((()jql!qole!9) h!()!!!(y((!((! !))((! (9!()(!(!!(yo!((? oit))!!!()(((!))!!!))((!((((!!!!(!()()!!(zl
t!(
())()))))))!))))((!(!!!!!!)())!(zl!
 (!!!!!))(()!!(!) 1m sqm(i((!)(!(!!)!!):!))!(!((!(((z))!()(!!(ye((qm!!(((()(!(!!()!(!(!!!!(!!((!!)(8, tj;0kjjotq))aj()((!((!())(!!!!)!!!y!(!)((!!!!!(7roi(((()))x!)j6'(((was!en!
())))(!)j(()!!)j)!()) 1 (!!(!)(()(? int!)!()))()(()()((((((((!(()!(((!)() () (zezxx'njm(!0xeeo!e!(!!u !() )(!())())()((z!!() 1we))((!((())(((((((((()!((()((!(((z!!(! yjeqqtt0(!(a t()!
(!!!(((!(!!((()())(())() o!)())()(!((((((()!((!((((())(((!!()!(!(x ehree!
()()hg!!(((!) )()((())()(((((!((!(!(
t
 (j0g!qe!
ine)!!a!()z))((!((((!()!(!()()!!(zl!!) (m!(kmio a())!)!()!)))((()!)(((()))(!!)(((()) ()jo 5km(((!)() t)o!!!!(((()(!!!((((()j()()()!(y h(!(!))!!)(!!!)(((!)(!(!((((!(!!()!!(zl(qm!t(!)))(!))(!((!(?!

an)!!r

----- diversity:0.42----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!!(!(!()()(()(((!())))(()!())!!)j((veto(n
()!!)!)n!)j)!()((()))!()j()(? t!(!!

jos))(!!!))!!!)!))!)j)l((!!)!
()j!!())!(yo 0!! (nt!(()!!)(()!(!()! (() (z()(!)!!o!(y!!)! i!a0
a!toe!m!((!!(((z)() (((!))((!)(3!))() !)(!)) 1; th)((e!(()((())(8:
o!((!k!()((kek(
(d!!! ( x) 5))) (ze! (! !(!!!(! yq( o()i ((!()((())(!(!((zl!)(!!!)!()))(!(((zekmql)()))))))() o
((!(q)!(!(!))!())((!()!!)!(()!!!!((!((
tr)(())!!!!!z!))(!!())(!()(!(((zro)((((!ys!((!(!() t 
(()!!j(!(()!(!(! ()j()((((((z)((! (()jo t
() ()!  '(kn!!(
x(((((()!((((()!!!()!! o!eme)(!()(()(()()()((()()((((((((()()()() t)
i((((!!)!))(()()()())(((((zl)!!!))!!yju o)8xm!j)))(()))!)!)!)!()!)(()!!()(((!()(? ita)))!(!!!(!)())())(!))(!!!!!((!()(? ( te!(!)!))((!(((((!!(!((((! (8!)!)((!()(! o!ti())!!!!)()!()!)!(!(!!!!)(((!!!!!(((zera!em!e))j0s() ((!(((()())!(!)((q))))()! h!qi()()q
u(n!()lv!(((k))!5yst!!)((!(!!!!) (!))(8:1(
) 1!)jo!uq!qle!qm!t!o!)(!x((!(((((((()!(()(!!((()) (q (e!0
  (  6:
(que!et!j!)(q t!(x))())()(!(!((!!!!((!!(y!(!!!!!(()!(? ta!!))5y))jo()!! 151(! ()(!(! o!l(e!!!(i(()!()(!!!(()!)()(((!((! y t!oe()!!!(!!))()!!!(!)!(!(()!)(!((((()l)j' wron!())() !(())())!(()(()()!(())(!((!!!))j0x '
x
t0;on0!!!()!in!(t!)q(! !j(!!(!!!!(((z(!!!)! (! () o)te!(!!!)))!!!!!(!)!!(!()!(((!(((()!(((zl!j' o((!))!()((()(!(((()(!! ha(((!!)(!()((!(!(((!(((((()!(((j)(!)!((zr!in!!(()!)!!)((!)((())! (! (! ( ta)()!()(()(!()((!!!()((!!(!!!)))()(!(! yqe!))((!!)!(()((zrii))!())))))))(!())))))))()))))(?) (!)j8xwzyk 
c!(uee!)!!!(!(()((((!()(!)(((!((!(!)!(z!(!((wamti)!!!(!)!!((!()))((!!!(!()! )!(8!()))((quum)!q())()(()()((()))())(()(())()))!))) an)(e6!!((((!!!!!()((!((!()((!(!)(!!!(q!yq!a)!   i!)!)()) )(()(
t!(!!!)((1)(yen!!!!)(t!(((ze(x!(!()(!!((qu((ziy!!)i!j)) h!)()!!)!()j()(
(!()(!)) (!! (wastm!((()!))j)j((((!(!((!)(3(!((z!)((!))((zr! h(!!!!!(!))!(((!!!!)()(!(!(((((()(! (! ( ta))()((!((((((((((((((((()))) t!)()(!!! y
o jem!()((!))(!!(((((())(())!)(()(!!!))))!)joe((!!!!())(()()((!)!!!((((!!
(!((!!
(zeri! (n!!!!!!!!!!!!()(!(!!!!!!!!))!(zl)()) an()! xkit()je!)(!()!((! ()!)(!)((((!!(((zlt!))!!!((!(!(((((!((!!(!(()(x o th)))))(()((())()((())()(!(()!((((!)))(!
o!)()((!!!!((!!(!!!((!(!(!(((!!!(qu!0x) 5eok) o! (v!! ()!(()!(()(!()(()()!!!))!(z!((((zl
i!(()!)!)))))))))))()!!!)!())))(! o!)q
ej?8s)crot))(((()!!!))!!(!! ))()(!)))!!(()(!)())! 1; 1; ino!!))!((!))()!)!)))))))((((!(((((()((! (8:1 ine!tel!!!v!!h)!(!()jo8!!!)!)!(((!)())(5() (fer!((())!(()l((((((((((())!)))()((!((!((! y t0o!xe
t!)!))!!))))((z!(!! i!!(!(!!(!)j) t)(((keot0!!!)))())(()!!)!!(y!!!!!(()))()!()))) tjjvxj ov(1x0(qu(
(ke!! !!! t()(!()((!(((!()))) t(
a!())!())()((()()!(!!(!(!(!)(!
a!!!is!)qe!!!)!())!(()!(((((!(? y!!)! y)km )s!!z!l!o '6;(!(!)!!o!y!(!(!)j) o!)q!(!(q!y (th)()j)(((((((z!!!!(z)m((((((!(! ((! (!
an)!
)))))!!!!(!(!e!(z!)!!(((zl
u!!(()))i)))))))(!y!!j(!!))))))) tjjpe)
 )
)!(ek))((ze!ege)!)()(!)(!()()((()(x (f (((w!j()(3heql(!((e3(!!(!()!()!(.()!)(!(!((!)((q!yoni!!)!)()))(()((()((()))((()()())(!!()!()j'se)q
!!)!))!))!!()!))))())) (! y!j6n!!q
i ()!!)! (! )!) ) ((!(?(! ()() (! y
o)t)()!)!8!)!q!)!!(!!!!!))()(!((! (7(!!! y
o j
))(!!!!!(!!!!!)!)! !))!()!) ()((!))(32: t4wn0 (v))(!!)!)!!)))!)!!)!!)j!))2!)(!!!(qulg!  0en)o!u!) (!(!(!()())n!)!(((((()!!)(9 )(()(
tra)!!))!!!()!)!!!())!!!!!))(!!(!(()(!!!!

zl
m!()(()()()))))()(((()!)(!)()()!!()(! o!ti((!!!!!!)!!!!!!)((((!((((()!(!(y!(((w
h)!()))))))))))))!!(!)jyjol
)e!(()((!((! ((()() t!i))(!!(!)!)!(()!!!)!((!!!!!((()!(!!!)(5:1
o!)(!(!((!!(((((!!!(((((!((!((!(()!!(y! knd))(()))())))))))))))())()))((!()(!(()! 152

enr) t!!!())))(((()!()()(()))()())))!)()() )(
tr))1nw)n))e!) t)()()())( () ('s!!()()(! in!( o!!!!))() ((((((())((! (! o!q)!(u!((z(!)j7in!)qu(!)((qu(((kno[!!)))((nc)(!((!!!!((!((((()(!(()(!!)!)))))(!(zr)cw)
())!())((zl!
on!!)!!!!()(!(!(!((! (!()))!!()jo(a(((k! in
(()zero!)!!!(
(!()))!)(!)(!!)!)!(!! (()!(!! (! y
oi((!!!!!))())()))))()))!)!()))()))(!!)) tj0'ssr)g)e! )!) (())!((z()()) t!))!0()!()()((zr!u!e
t!))!)()(!(!)!(((! ( (ze!( (beq!! (f!c)q)c!) t0 *t0o!!(!!(()(()(((!!(9:tee!!!))())!!(zit!(!(((())(()(()) (((!((!))()!))))!
()j'sion()a)!!)e))))()))))())()(!)!()j(!((!() t 0
()!(()(()((((()((z!()(! o!!!(!!()))) tjjdy) ()r0(!(5))()(()(

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!!()(!!)()!())((((!)))((!!()(!!!)) tze[((!!((
a)!)!!)!)!!!)(9es ())(()()(()()(((!!()!)!!))!()()))() ta!(()!!!)!!((()))))))(!!!))((!!!!)!!()(x eha
())()))(((()()(((((())))(()() (z!!)) tjopl!n(
()()!(y!
i q((! t)!x!!!(!!((!()!(! o!o!!
!)!o!q!) ( 0o!y)ih( (!!)(!()()(())!(z(!!(9((k()(!) (jor)!)!!!))!!!!!!(!!!!(!!()(!!)!((!)!)(!!(ye!q (!(()!!!!((!())!!((((()()((((z(()jo t
)q(!!(()(!()(!(()(!)()((!()((!((()!(((que!a!)q!!))!)))) ()(!)())) tj.)!!!(yese!())!()()(()(!)!))(())) !)!((((()))) tjkea
(
0(!)(!)))() o!)
b!)(
()((!))(!)(()((zroi)()())!)(!!()))))!!))())))))()) t): () 
' h)507(()je! q6)
5h!
)!! (()(((k!)((!))!


y
o!(qqlx!t0((8 0!a!t0)!())((((()j(!!(() (kn!()
(!!))!!o!(()(())((!(!(!(!(
1:1
o!)e!))(!((!((!)((!(
()!(!!(! in!)))t))
)() ()leq
()!))((((
()(!)j! (! y
o!q e9()()(!!!!()))!))(!()j(! y!(!! ())!j()! te! o))e!(!! o!((!!!!(!()!()()(()(((z!!!((q(zle!qq(n(g?i
 o!j!))()!(!() () ((!(()j)((!(?!(!)jy!)j0 tio(!!!!!!!!)!!!((!!((()) ((!((!(!!)(()((zroi)()!!))!!()!!!!!!)))))))))) i)) h!q0()eonemh) )m(e!(0(((()((((!()(!(((!!((!(!)(!)() ta!!))())))((((()!!!((!((!((!!!()(!!!)((zit)())!!!)!!))!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!)))))(!)! 1 o!)(((!(!(!(!(()(((z!())()) t1 ()!!)(!)(!)(!(((!!(!(!!(!(!(!!) ((!(? i 1 jo t!!!j((w!!(!)!(!!(!)(9(!(((!!(9!!()(()(
t0 o01s!)0!(!))(!)((!!!)(!()(((!(! y
)(!!e!!)!!(!!!!(()((!()(!)(9t!!
13y!y.' o!!())(((!)((!(()((zi!(!)jy((m!!)((zi((! yq8t))q!(?!y
(!(!(((z(!! ((! (8:(y h(!)!()((((!(!!!!!!!!(!!!!(!!(!!((!(! c! 2
i!lnnhtt!((
(()!(!()!!())((((()(!)(!)(!())() 
' o!0!!)!!)((((((!((((((((!(? ((((z!(!(((zlte!)!!(!(((!!()((!(((!(!()()!!()j()jo))((zera! o!()!!)!))(()((z)))(!!(jos!)((!!((!)(()(()))))()!(()(xo!() o!!((yenjat!!!!(!! ()(!!!(())((((! !((()())(!()) 
e ()((!((!!!)) ()))()((w)((((!) (!!((! (

o!t)))))!!)(((!((!(!))!(!!!!((q()(! o!(i! i!)!(50(a
0q!!(j(!((! (5((())! 1(k! of!(((!))())!!(((!(!()!()!()(!())!!(!!()) 
ek)00)e))))!)))!())!)!!)((((())((!)(!(zl)
o
(()(!!((!((((((!(((!!!!!)!((!!((!)jyj'k
o!)(()(((!!((!(!!(!((!)l!))t!(()()) t0)aj1b
fg)q((
((!((((! y
()(()p!)()!)!!yju((!!zshr! tq(q!!((()!!!!)!!o()(!!!()((!!!((()) 1)zlata(w 
((! yi))!jk!!(!!)!(((!!!)()((!()!((zr! i!ti)!()!())!!)!!)!())n!(((((()())(((zl! ke
(0((!!()(())()!!()!!)(()llqe!)() ((i)qll)!!u! (70((!) ()()) (qu((ql((!(()((zeri(
to!!!())(((((!)(!()))!()(!)())()()!()!!()jo j0kces!!()u(jo )(((!!))(((!!()((!(!))(8!(z!(8!()) )mj' h)q
 (n)!)!)!((!!)(9)!)(9)))(! (! ( ()( ta!)!!(((((!(((((((((!())()!()(?!(((()!(:
ana!e!!!!!(z!))1()()(wln!!(!((!))!!()((((!(? y!((! oi()))((()((()()((()(!()))()()))!()))))!

zl
m!((((())((((((!()(!)((!!()()() ()(!(zzit!((!)0 (nje!((!)))) tjjnk!()(()! i()) 
(7((zer!!o!en!on)!((!!(
!())(7(!()))!(j!((!!!(()()(ana[q!))((!!)!!(!!))((! )()!((((zlte!!)!((!!()(((((()!!))))))!!)(!!(q!j))) 13: hr!()!!!!)(9))!()))(!!(!(()(((!!!()!)!!(zl
m!!))!!))(()))()(()(()))))(!!)!!o))(? int!!!!!!)))()((()((((!!
(be(!)(((!(((!
(!(()((((! (!)(5!!!y
oiee!()())))))))))))))))))))))!))!(!))))) tjo 'ke 
i(!!!!!!)(!)) 1)(k! o!!j(()(!((!((!((
hr()d))()) tjo(!!!!(()j! (!(!!((q!)(q))(5: (z!q!!!(! yjee!!)!)(()()!!!)!!(!)()!(()(?))!5)8r!!usqen!!!)!!)!()))!((z!(! (!)(!(()jo)!!) o()((!!!!)!!((!))()(((z!)(((()jo l
((!(((()!)((((!!(((!(((!()(())!!!))(((zl
(
()
!f!!!)))))!)!!))(()) 
y
 xere(()i!(!!!()()! ()!()))!!!!)ju!! ()! )) 
qle(!
o!()!!()(()(!(!!!(((!((!()!((z!(((z!(? h!q ) (ca!ik!!!)k!)jc!!!!!)()(()(!!(()j(!! !)((vojljje(k!x !e?j t)!)0(z!)(()!!)!!(!())()!)(!((zro!()(y)) xt0e (()! (!!) !! (! ()(((z(z!((q(! jee!(me())(()!())((! !())))((()))())!()!!


y
o 0!(()((((((((()(? ina!!)))(!()(!)j)(
t!oee!))t!))()jo!)!!)()))) )()))))()((((zr(
xdee) (o!)()))(th!))!()()(!)())(!!!!))))!()! 1 th
)n!!!(!)(((!(!(
)!) 1 (! y
oi!!!(!())!)(!((!!))()(!(())(()))!)j())) 1te)!()()!!(()()((((((!(((((((((()(()l!!!7y0xt joi!))(((!!!(!(!)((()))()()!)(!!(!) ()! 1 ha((a!)!!))((!()(!(!!!!)((!!(()()()))!(! jat!!t!?1x
j
ta!e!!)h!
))(!(!!!))))(!())(!(q)(!!(!!)(!
an)!qee!)(t!)j((()((((!)))(()!)!
(!(!an)

0te!))!)!)!)()(((()jo )!) )(! i(!(()jo!r!)!(jo!y5e!!(z!)()()(!)(9 (()( ta!!)(!!!(!!!(!((!(!(!(!!((((!!)(()((()! tha!!8!!)!)((((()()(())(((! (())((zr!i()!
 m((()()!!!)!)(!((!)jyj'kn!(!!)!) u! ()(!)(()ev!!0) !((!(())(((z()j!! 1w! 
q!j0) 


----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!!()(!!)()!()(((!(!)))()(!()(!!! ((zeri(et!o!()ue!!((((()(()()(!)!(!!(())!((!(((zltit*!q  (9xxo)eee!) !((zl)!(z!!((((z((!(? ) 1 !!!(y (
in
!
()!(ih())(((()!()!)!))())))()()j)()(((w!j8 m)t7!!qr()(6) ())(!(z!jem)(()())))((!((!()(!(())!)((!((((())))) tjke!r am((((()()((((())()) tjo!)))()(!!!()!(ye!eq!!(!)()j!(!((z!!)!(!))(1(((zlt((((!)())!((((((!(()())(!(!!((quuu(!)(!)!!)))!))((!(((()(((!()(!(zlt!))(!((()((((()))())))((((((((((((zeri!!())())))))))))))())() ta!()!!(!!!!!((!)!!!!))!!(!!!!!()!!!!()(x ehen()qe)()(()(! ))((!()(((())())(!!)(()(? int!))!!!!!!( ()((((((!()((((!(!!()()j!) (th't!(())!!))(!()((()!()(?(
t!!(! )!!(! o!t))!)!!((!1!()!(.)()(!(!(((!((z(zl((hr
()!()!!!!)()((!(()!(((zlt!)))!(()(()(!))))))(!((!(()))(()) 
qle)(())))))()!)))!)!((()()()()! (!!((qulg):xj? on!)!!(!())(7()))()())(((!)((())(((z(m((w
h)((!!)!((((((((((((()()((())((!!

ye!qlo)())(
7rj!!)) ( (f t(t!)q(!)!(!!))!)))))(!(zr()(w((kn!!()!(yo))!)())!)bj!((z!) ())))() ()! (
)!)(8, h9q)!!)w0(()()(! ()(() o)()((((((!((!)(9(a! ((((((((()!) o!((((!())((((((()()()()) ()(()(((!((z!(
1he!qqte!((!)pr)(!(()()()!))!!)!()()(()jo((jo0! 0e ((z!(!!9!!!() (h())!(? o!(!(y a)!ar!q)!)) )(((!!((!((!)(!!!!() ((wa!l!
in!()( !!())))(!!)!)(!
o!q!b((((()!!))(!(()((!!((()(())(!y!!(! o t)((!()!())(!!))(!!!!!(((!!(((!((()()(()lv!v )
 t0)(((!)(!!! )(((((wne)!(q!or(
(!0!((z!()()((!!(((! y!(()(()jo( (k!o0uon!q 8
a)()!7xv!(!jz))() ()) o!t!)qq(()!()()!(!((!!!(z(!!()))()()(((zltit())! (!!!!)((())!((!!(((((())))())) tjouee!e 
(k())))()!()()) (!(!)((!!!()!!!(()! 1!

y
' o)7i
)))(((()(((()(!((!(!(!)(()()!!(()((zlte!e!!))!!()())!(!)!)(!()(!(!!)()))(!()(? inw! (6()!((!)((())(!!(!!)())(!!(!)((z!(quum)!(q((())!!!))()(()(((())(()j)()!(3))) 1te!!!)()!)(!(()) ()(((zl)()!(!((!!()(! ( o*))!(!)(((() t!)!!!((((!)(((()(((((!(((!)((!!!)(5!()! 15eyi)e)()!!()))))))))))))))!!())(())()())(3tjo!((!!!!!!!()(((((!((((!)((()!(.!(? (
t0
h)!!!(!))!))!!!!!(((z!(z(zrja!c!e!!((sjmo!!))(!!!)(((z)()((((()))!()!()!()(y
(! on)())())(()(!((!(!!(()!()(()!()!(!!)!!!y
oie()777)!)))())))))!!!(!!!(!))))()!(!)() ta!!))((((((((((()(!((()(((((!()(!!!!((! yjev6a!0q
(
(!!()l)gn
(qz!!  8q!(!((zla)(!!(ye (q!!8:t!(!(y!(! )(()(()l!)(!)(((((z!(5h; h((m)q!!(!)()))()(()!)))!!)!!()((!())()(

isi)!)))()()))(((((((((((!(()(()!)!!)))!


y
i (0!!()((!()))))()(!!)() o!)(!)!())((!(!!(((!((((()())(!!!)((!()( o!)q
(((((((!(!!(((!)(()()!!((!())))(((zlte(!())!!!!(!(!(!!((((())()))(()j'sio((((! hat)!((!quee!(!((((((!)(8)((((((!()!()(!! (
t0 o!!i!  0 )e!((()!!(!((!(!)()!(jo!!)(!((! y the!(((()(((((((((((((((((()()((()(())(((fi(()((((()(((((()((((((((((((((((()) 1() o!0)((!!!(((((((((((((!!(!(((!(!(()())((zr! h)))))!!(()()!())()((((((()()!(!()(!!y!y
h)()))((()(!)!) ! (((w!(!)(5:1
(f th)!
())(!))((()(!!!((!!(()()((z)()(((!!(9: tame!))))()((((()((((()(()))))())())()))((zr! he!!)()(!)!)((!)((!()())!!(()(())(((((((zeri!))()()(!(!)(!(!(((()())(!!!


y
o (!q))))(!)!!!!(!)!()()(((((ze!!)!(!(y h))((!()!!!!!!((()!()())!!())(!(((()(x! joa)tq(tt7(!!k)c
o!!)!((((()(((!!(!!!!(!()(!(z)dx!()(!yj' o()(!)!)!)!(()((! y!!()() att!(9!(!(!(((z!((((((z!((((((()!) ((())(feneqq9((!!)(()oy))))! ()())()()(((((!()! (wst!(()()!(()!!(()(z))(((zeri)(! (!()((z!)((z()j'(kno)(()! j! u!((!yso)0)!()()! ()!())())!())!) !((!))!!y
!('sann!)(
) trw((!(!!)()) ()))(()((((!(!((()!(!()!(!((zlte!(!!!!!(()(!)((q((())((!()!(!((((!()(((zlehta!)t60so!!(!!y!!i)()()((!()(!()(!()))(((z)(
h(())!!!)((((((!!)()(((((()((()()) (! the!!())))()()()()(!() t)()(x(!(x(z)!)!!y 1yzeo!e(! ((()(!
! th!)(!((!(()((!()() !)(()!()())((!)!!(()! esa!e0
)))(((()))())((()((()))))(!()(!(!)(8:
o!qi((
a)e!(!(!!)!(z(e!
jmqq(k)!o!)(!)())(v!()) t4!!k)(
h((0!(! (! ((wa!! (th)(q(()!!()((z)!!
2: t0?(eme!(((
()(! ( o)!!!((!(((z()((!)(((!!()()!(1; ()(
(((zltit()e!l
))))))((((())(!()((((())) ()))()j')jo es!())((!)!(((((((k(!(())((! h!)!!(!((!(? yqame(()!!(!!)()))(
)()(!(!((z((z!)(9tl))t!jzqlem)))!!))v)(()!)))(8: ))!(! )) ()! 4te!(qt!q(f!)!(q))()) ())(!! lj(!(()! !(!

9 tr))(!)(!!!)) ((k)!()!(!())!(((!!)!!!(!! 1 ta!!( the!)!(((! t)(((!(((()!()!)))((()!((!((!) 11; 1 ta!()(!((!)!!()!) (z)((!(x oe!(())(z!)(! o j))()(((!!((!!!!)()!((!)(!
o!e!!!(()(!(!!!!!!((!!!!!!!!)))((!))((!

----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!!()(!!)()!(!(((!(!)))(())()(!!)j((knd!)))!)))(!!((((((!((!(((z((())!!)j!(!! y
y
a!i!!)!))(())))))()!)(8k)()((!!! ()! 18eve!y!!)!))()) ((!))())(!()(((()j((((ze(tjet (ate)!)!!!!!kd!)()))(!)((((((((!!!)(!!)((jo))(!)!(!)vxel)e)!(r)((!(! (!!()((()()!!!()(!()(x (f (kij' h)0!() )!(! (!((z!!)(!)(((z(! th()!(((!((!!((!!!(!!!!(!(!((((z(zrii!!!(! ()((!) 
(((!!
!)!(!!!(()))((z()j' o)(8ee!(!)(!))un)(((!! (!)j((! ((!((!(()) 1(! (((zr! i!t!)!))(())(()()))) (()l!)(8:!!)!!)) o!a)t!)!)) o0(!(!(!!!())(()(!()(x o!(!)!


on(()j!! !!!)(9he!()q
t(t!!)) 2()((!) ()) o!(0()(!()(!((()!()((((()()((((((((z!(()jo  
me!))()!)!())!())nj!)()(!((())(!()j)!) hr()!)!)))))!!))))(())))))((((()()(!!((! kte!ln!)!!!!)))!(!)(()(!(!(? yqe)))!;((5r! 
' tr)!(!((!()(()(!(((()j()!(!(!(!))((((!(? yqee!
(!((! (!(())(((z!(()(! ( ((wnn!(())()((((!)))()()!!


y!
eve!!(!!!
o!y!e!((!(q))!!())(()(!(()()()! ()( t((!) t i))!!()(!!!!!!!!!!!(((!(!(!)!!!()((((!((zrio)qqe!!))!)((!(((!)()(()())(())()(((!)!9noun!!!)!!())())))!())))))) !(()())!)(!!((7rve!!!()!!)((((((((((()j(8((zer((()(
j?!

que o)))())((z(!)(((!()!!!)((!(!(!()(((z(((zeri!!!()!))()())((()(()))(((((((zlte(!)))((!)))))))))))))!)))))) t! 
j
((! th
!!(!)(()(()((!!()(!()(!!(!!)!
()(!!!(y
u(!)!)!!!!))((((!((((zleht(!(!!!((()) 
!let!gn!)!!(? (()l!(i!t)!() o!()!()((()!(! ite)(!()!((!(!((!(!!(()())(!()((()(!()j('(k
o!) ()!)()(!(((())!!!(!(!((!(? ! th!!!(!(((e!!))!!(!(!!!!!) ())())()()(()(
tro)!)(((()()((((((()!)(!))!)))()(((!)!(!)jua)(())!!!))()()())()))() (())))))!

(zrom)!i!!!jt((!!b!!)()((!() t)((z!!(!)(5(!)jyae!(())((((!((())(()((()!())(((((()jo!()8
tqk(qqnn!()((! u!(? an)
((!x!y!!(z!! (! o!ql!!)(!(q(!()(!))(((!)(((z(me!!q!q(((o!o))(!)) jhe!!(!!(((!!(()(!! ) ((()((!!
()j) (() o)((!(!(!())()((()((((!()())((()((()(!()jo ta!)))))))(((((((((((((((()!(((()((((((! y
o t!))((((((((((((((((!()))(((!((()((((!((zroi)!))!)(()))()))()(!(!())!!()j)!(9 tr!)()(((((((!!!!(((())(!)(((()((!(((!!!

jon)!!)!!!))))()))))))))))))))))!()((25!

y jem!)))()(!(!!!))(((!()!()!)) (()l!j)q!)lee! )))(( ok)(((()!)!())(((!)!()(!((!))))(!!!!((()jo th)!)!!!((((((((!((!)(((!((((())(!)(((((! on(()(((()!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!)!!!!!))))!!(!(x ehd!ih 
(())()! o(r (q))p)(!(!!!(!!(((!(!
o!(q(((i!
(!
(ze(w
t(t)! ) (k!! (! y!()((zr!!q!ij0 jo!()()j(7x()(x o!(qag!9)(1!!!
)ph8!))(9 
( ou!))!)))!!!!5!)(9!!())!!!((!)((())(((!(? yqee!q)e(((!(!(!((!(!!)(((()!() (b )(w()) (kno ()(!)(!((!((()!!(q!(e!()(()!)((((()()! th()!!(!(!((((!((((((((((!((! y ())! 1!)! y
o!t e!(((!(()(!)).))((((()(((z)((z!(!()! ()(
tro!!((((((((((!)(((())(((!((!()(!!()!!!!!yj8jo!)))))))))()()()!!!!)!(yo)!((!s!(k!!()lv()(()(!(t(? o!((qe!e!!!8 )!(o!!q)(!(qu((!)) t!(!(()) 1

(8
1(ze!5b!u(() 0o!(9s!(!! in()!(xvue)!)))(!))()()()((()((!)!5y!(()())(((z!th*n!!!)((()j))! ()(!! o t!!(((((((((((!(!!())!((()j)!!!(!(((())! 1

o!j0)n))(u(! (()(i!(! y
o!!!(!((z!(!!()))()(()))!!()!!))((zr! h)!(!!)!()(((()(()()(((z!!(!())()! ()j( ou(((!!(((()))))(())!))!(!)()((!)!!(((((zltit!0)!!!!)!((((((((())(!())()()())))()(ble!!)qi!((!)))!!!((!!(! o!!((!!)(9! ye!(! ye!
()q)!!((z!!((q!()! ())((zr)(((w!i(()jo a)t!()! ! !!((!(! (((z))((z()(!(! o))))) 
eh()q(!j(m)(!(()!) (!)(!!!)(!()(!))!()))j0' i!axk)nte!))q!!)e!
()()(! in!!()((((!!!()!(j)((!(x o!( te)()!!!!)!())(!!!!!!)(!()!!))(((z!(ye!(!!)!(!)!!()(! (!(!!!(()(!)()) t1 (!)!)))())(((!()((((!)(((!(? (
!!(!
ata!e!!!!!!!())(((((((()(()! t!()jo (!)()(zaqm!m!)1!!j0x(x!m!(
(z!!)((!!())( ()l(mi(t ((0(!) (()()((! (!)quer(((8h!(()j(9tys(r))m!j!)() ((!(()(((()(!!!)))!!y
(!(!(ye!qv(ql
()))!!))()(
t!!!j(f i((())!!))))(5(!! j()! (! y!)(!!!!! y))n
 t!!))()((((()) ()() t((n!t!(!(!(q)j!(((! y
o(9i(t!))((((!()!(!y))((q!()( !!(7r!))(1'5 ta))))((!(!!)((!(!((!!(!(((!(
!((!!!(!(

jo!)q!!()()((!)()j((((()()(!!((zree!()((()))(()))(((())(8:((((()(? in
)(ai) (he!!)! xd!))!(((()(!())(!(q)))()j!!) t! 
8e;o je)(!()))!))()() ((7()))()()j(!()(()) (! cve!n)))))!!))!))))((!(!(())((!(!(()(((()jo am)())))!!!!!!!(!!!)!!!!!!!!!()))((!(!((zlem!(qqe(!!)))()()!)!!)j))! (jo)!!) 0?) (k!zrit!8!) (zyi(
z?)p!s!))((6
t(!!(())())(((! (8, h8!0 ()!!!(((zez!!?(!)(()((!((zro o!()!()(!!((!)(((((((!(((()()(((!((!)!!(zlt!)(()))))))))))))))))))))))))))))(4:2
o!)(e(

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!((((!()()!()(((!(!)))((!!(!(!))1!(ziqle!th)
)((!!())!()(()((((!() t!(!y)) (mt!(n!! (!((!!)(!()( th(()(!)!(((()(((((!(((!((((((((()((((!!(8: 140:
de!)(())!()(!((!((((())(((!()()() t!
!!t!((!(((((!)!!!!)!(!!(8can)((!(!!!!(!)((!)(!!!!!)!5() ()()(!((()jo oi!)(!!!!!(!!!!!!!!()(()((((())!!)))()(! yqee!
!(!()((((((!!!!(((!()((((!(?!((()jo j0m(


(!!!!)!()!()(!)!!))(!!!!(!(k! ! tra!!!))!!)!!(()((((()()(
!(8!(

jo!)!((zr! o7!(()()(!) () )()!!()) )k)) ))w!(! y!j0((ca!!p0z!qmo))9ba)(')(1)!!z!!!() t!((! (8!!)!!(yo!e!q))! ((!)!()()((!()()(!)! ((!!)!()josa!ef)()!!)((())) 1((!((z!(()! ( ()((!!)(5:(ywee!
)(((t!(!!)((!())))()j((((z(!)!)()j!j0xt z0't o!())!!
(z!j0!))!!)j(!!)() ((w!()!)!(kee!)))!()((()((()!(((((!()!(((((!((!(? int0)!
!))!!!!!!(((!)(!(!!!((!(((!(!))()j(9:
o!))()()!!!!!!!!!!!)((!(!()(!((k!oie))()))!)) th))((((((((((()(((!))()) !))!(!((z!(!!!!
an)
o (o!()!))))!())!(!(((!(!()(!(!((()(! (!(xver(())!(()!)(!!(!((!((()!!(()()()( t!!!! th)
i(((q)(!)((!!)!!!(!!!!!!)q)((()!()!!!
ana!!)!!))(!)(!!(!)((!!((()((!)!!)(6))(
(zr! t0.


k!q])lv)!)!8,() (ze!5!!!!y!!((quu(ent!)j )!
(t!)!!(!))(3()())) (z)j()!(()!(.a!t!)!(()!!!!)((!)((!))(!!))!)!(((! ( i(c'se! x!i!j(0i!(vo!j!(u!( o!((! !!))(()))))!(()(()jo!)(!y))(!!))(1: hr!()(!!!!(!((!)()(((()((!()()((!!((qu)('soe!)))!!!))))))))))))))) i!((((((!(!a('so)( i!)((!)))()()((((!(()!!!!(!(!() ta((0!(())
(!(!((!((!!(!!!)((!(((!(!!!(! o!e)q!o!()(!()(!!((!((!(!((()((!!!(yo)()!!!!)(())()))(!)!(((()(!((()(()!!) h!qm))
)!!!t!()((!!!!)!(())(!!!(!((!(!(
ta (9())! ())()(!!)()!(()(!(zle!)(())((((
()(
2!((((()(x!) 1())!(jo ()))))!!!!!!))!!!!)((())!!!
!y !x!j()jo it((((!!!()((()((()((!!()!))((!((((z!!!(qulm7 h))(!!)())))!(! ((z!()!!)!)((!)()(!!((((zro!)(!(n !!)(!(c!() !(((wash!((!(( ()) !e(zoo!e!mo)!q(()()(!)j8!((! (;) (!(()jo))(!!(

j;o (u s()!((!())!!!)(!(()(!)(()!()(()!))!()(? ta!q))0i!!)!!m)))) (k!)jo!ew
po!))(()(!!((! (!)! !!(((())()() (!!)((zr!in!!m!))jjo;r!o!!!!()((!(!)((((!)) 1(f)(!()()
()j(wnnt))((!!))!()))((!!(!()()!(!(()())()!()((zroi)())!)))))))((!()()((((!(())((!((
i!)
1: th!!o!(()(!(((zl)!((!!((!((! y!!!)((()()! th))(((!t!(!((!()(! ((()()((!(!)!)(! o!)(kdnn!))!((!!!!!)))) !!!!
))!(!!(!)(3!)) att!((()(x!  !)) t! 
8!!(w!(x)(k!((!)((q(q
in)
(!!((!!((q)l!)) () (z!!!)!!))))))!


y
i o!!!!)!!!()())(((((!!(()((((()(!()((!!)jy
ee!(())!!))!(!()))))))()!((((!(! i!(!
o!oq!))!()(!!(!)((!!!!(()(((!!)!()!()(()(x ota!)!!))!!((((((()!(!!!((((((!!(()((())! 1; 33: h (8!!!n!e)j!)! ()(!)()!()(!!!((!)!5()((zro()q
()!(!(()(!((()(((!(()((!)!9yoja t
!!qq]!n9((()))))((!(!)!! o!j0!)a!((!() (!(!! i! (t!o,!())))!
()j0
t  !1()()()!((zr!)((zer!!)q(! o!(!!!!o0qlh)!)0!()j) 1(zc!)()(! o!jt()(!!((! )! !((!))(2(()j(v!()((!! (w
h()))!(((!())!((!(!))(!!(())(()((!(? yqee!
)(
()(((()((!()() ta!))!!!!!)!()))!!!!!!!(!!!!!!!!!!!!!()(
t0 tn)))!)!!) ((wn!!)(((!(!a!j(k!(ye!))!q!(y
i(the!t
()!!((!(!!)!(!(((((((!(!()!)((!!((! y e
(
()!(((!!!))))(!()))))))(!
o!e)!)((()!(!(!!)!!(!!!!!(!!!(!(!(u!(()) 
ev()))(!!!!!()(((())()!!))()! th!))(())(((((((!!(!((!((!(!!!!!!!( t()! e 
0q((w))(!(?)(8he!qg()!(!(())!(!(!)j!!()!! ()l!(!(!(

jo!qqo!)((!!(((((zre(((((k(
(()!!) !! y
oe!)))!!)!!(z!((! ()(! (
!(7r!(!(((((zeri!!!())(!()!)()())()())(!y)! )))jo mi!((()()((((((((((((!()!()()())!()!)!!(zl
m!t!)!)!)(!!)(!!))(()))!()(()(!!()((zroi)((!)))()(!!)(!((((((!!))(!!yj!q(zl!) t (z i)())()!!!!((((!!((q!() !)()(!!((()(!)) 1 ta!!())((((()!)(!((((!!()!)((((())((!(!am!
(()!!!!!!!!!!)!!!!!!!(!())()((ze! to!(!)()()))())()((!())))!())((q!)()((!!!

o!o(!!!!!!!(!!(((!!)!!((!((!((!(((!!(8:!
th!
()(()(()())()(!()!!((()())))((()!!(r!o?7wtnn!!!)))!5)((!((((!(!!())(!)!!!(()(!(z(!) 1 o((()(((!!((((((()((!(((()()(((((() (f!
an)!

q((((!((xv!)(; in
(())()!)!!))!))(((((z!(!((!)() (w)(!! ket)))!!((()()(((((((())((((())(8(!!((q!yo
!()!!)((((((()((((((! (((((zlt((!!(()()()))))(!(((())()))))!) o))(())!(((((()((!()()(((((!(!(qu)(!(!((zlt!())!)))))))()(!()(!))()) t!( 7)q))1xv())!!!!(! i(!(7r!!jo o)e(()((()j((!()(())(!))))(((((()!(((!)(18ek!t!))(())))(!)))))((!!)()((!(()))) ((w!j0x2
ar!(!!!!((((!))!)! j((()(! ( ta()(()!((((())()(()(()(!())!(!(()) 1(((fehywe ()
(n))(!!(((zei)) t0(((((((((((((!)(!! y


----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!(()))!)(!!(!((!(())))((!!!!((!) (( o((((!(()((((((((((((((()(!)!())()(()(((zill!!!(!)()())))()(())(())(((()())((!)() ta!)))((())!)!((!!!(!!!!!(!!)!()!!!!!()(? r j0 aiq6t!(()l!!!(!! ()(()!((!!()(()! ()()! 1'sm a
!)())) ()()()(()()!(!))(()) (()() ()!(jos0(!())!)!!((((!!!(()(!!(3h(!)jya!)(!((zera!oj!n)(!8))(!()(! ((((z()()!!!())()))(197:1
o!))!!!()(!()()()()(((())))!))(!()(! ( te!(!!((!!!(((()))!(((!!(((!!(!!((((z!(((zlt!))(((())()()()))))())())(((!()() t)
((!(!)!((!((((!()!)))!(!!)(8:1 t5(((! y
oie)))!!!()!!!!y!(((((!!!!)(!(!()))))!))!
 xven))
))())(()(()(!())(())(!)j)(() (((()jo ai))((!!!(!((((((()((((!()!)!!(((!!))))) an)a
!n!!
!!ee!
i)!!()!)()(!!!!))(!(!)(!(!
o!))())(!(!((!!((((((()(!(!(!((zrio!!q!9tr!w!)!
!)!!(!()()((!!() t!((!!!!(((! !(y))! th!)))()((()(!(!!)(!
an!!e!i!()((((((((((z))!!)!((())(()((!) 1 o!(()

(((()(((!)!!((((((!(((()j((! y!j(qte!)())!!!()!!!(!(()!(()((((()() () tr!))
(qq! ()((!()((()! (!()))!
((!)() ta(!th)!!!!!!!!!))))(!)(!)))!(!(!!!!!))(!
o!q

y!q(! oi!)(!!!!((!)!(((!!(!!!()((!!)())))()))!


enr))

!j0; i!(!()((!((()(((z((! ) !! ()!(2he (!
t))!!!)))!!()()((!((!((!(()!!!!!(((! ha()(()!!))!!!())!!))))!))j0!i ((
th!(!(z) q()!((())) ()((!())()!! ()!!()j(zrja

(
h!0q 
) (!((z!jj!! ()!) (! (!(!()!)! ha()aq!) o)!((((!(!((!())()(()(!()(!!(((zl!!!5(!(? yqee!))(!)!! ))!()v))()()())!))()j'se()(ksto ())((()(!!())))) !y!!((()!(!(q!((((((! y
o t!))()!()!))(((!()(()(((((((()(((!())((! it (())))))()(())(!(qu(()!(!)!)))!(zl
m!t!)!!)))(!(((((((((!)(()())()())()j; ina!qe0!!!
!)qee!((((((x)(!!))()(()(!((! (8, h8!n!!!))(()()!(!!)((!!!!!(!!()!((!(?)(5: t6'
0; 0; sj.))t)t))1x!j)rt) te!))!q)(!!!!!(!()!!()()(((!(!!(!!)()(!((zle! a(ah!!)))))!!()))))))())))!!!)ju o])(((!(())(7!)) t!.:)!)q!(!(()((!) (!(? int!)!!!!))(!!(((!(((!(((!(()))((! () () (zeri
)
 qt())()()()(())))()j' (kn)(!!(!!!)!!y!y)
x? oi()!)()!(!(!(()(x)!(6!(ke()!) ((!()(((zlee o t!)()((((((((((()((()((((!(!()!((()(!(!(? yqee!q

o!!!!)!(())((!!(!(()((!!((!((!(!)()(

o!t)e!)(!!))((()!(()(((!!((!!()(!(!!(y!(7cgene!))((!())!!(!!(!!()jo (zi!(()(())(!(zr! t8)!5!n.?!u(!y! ((!!) 
()(((z!j!j((jos)!()!!)))!!!(!!!!!(!!!!!!!j0)v!()j!)((zlte!))()))))()()(())(()()(?)()))())!()((zr!met!!)!(!!(((!((!!!!(!)!!
() 
?(9!!)))(; t  e(()((!)!!o!!)!!!)!()()j!((!()!! o!()q)e
em!x!(()jo!()((my!()!)!(()) 1w!(9 te!e!)
(!)(!)! u!((!)!!y!!! )!()!!!((!(((zeri!)q
 0q)l!e(((!!(9:)(())!((!!(! (!(zl!(xqlai!!t!q)!
h))c)()(!y!(!))()(!()l(()((w! jma
(0q!(e (m)(!n)!)) ()!!y0!()( (!(!(y!))))((zr!( t](
o;)((((o!(()(
t!!)((!))(!
(()(x(!( (kno ()!)!!(!))))(()(((()!!(!!!((((((!!(()(xo 
 8!!
q( (
(h)((!!((!(()!!()!((6rmo))(((!())((!()!!!)!!!)!)(!))!)(()()))(6' it!)

!()((!)(((!!!(!!!)!!((zlt!())!!!()))))!())))))!(!((((!((()jo rq!(0 ((!!!!!(!)))((n!! ()(ch(m!))(!!))! ))))!()(
()j)(k))((z!qu))()jqlen))x))))))))s0)!! 18(qu!!!!(.)(z()! t)ly!e(j!!)(! o!j))(((
((((w!jqkxow!!)(()(!! ((!(((!))!))j!i!(!()!)!(!(x(es o)((r u!(((!((!)!8!(()() (!!((()(((!))(((!(!!! y
oe!e
())))((((()))((!(((()((!y!(()(!((()jo!evju))
1!))!(!)(3heq (
(y!(((!a!(7()((()!(!)!(!(! o!e)!!!
u0 qi)q8))c!y!!j0oln!(nv!)(!!))(5!()j('!(!(((!(()j(!((zr!(wn t
))(!!)))()())))!!())((! ()() ((!()()((zroi)()!)!))((!)!!)(!((!!)()(!!!()(!y)kv!)jo ((((!()()!!)(j() t)) (q e!ee!))(!)!(!()))(q)()()!()!!()(!))) (()lve o!e!)!!))(((((((()((())) (!((((!()((((!(? yqee)
((
(!!)((((((((()) t1(!)(!!)((z!))!((z!))!((()j'see!!e!((!!!(((((()!(()((')()(!()(()!)(((zl
(t!)
(!!))()()!)!((zr! (()(
()(!
o))m!())))(()())(()((((z()((((()(!(()() ta(()!!!!!)!!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!)))(6'ala(
o!)))!)!!!!!((u!()!(!(((! !((!((((zera(m))!!e()((!(!)(!)((()())(!(q))j))) 1!(zit!)!!!!!!!!!!y)!)()))!!!))!(!)j(f t! (!

y e
(((!!!.!)!!!yj)!!()j!!!!))(()()!!(zl
(ttr (()q!!(()(!()j((!)(!()(()())!!!!)(()!) tjkeem!q(!!(!!((((()()())()))(!()((((()())(34: if h()!))))))))))))))))))))(()))!()))(!((((zill!!()!!())(!())!!())()())!(((()()((!)(6'al!
o))((e!!g!!!)!!)!)!!(!!!((! r!! ((! ) tr!a!e(((!!!)!)((!!(!!(((!(((((((!!!)!)) tjok!t!((q)veoe o!(!!(()lv() ((!!(!()((!())!!!)(!!(!!()(
t3 o!q(()((!!!!)!(()((!!() () ()(()((!!)) (voilel!
t!(!!!!))u))((((((z!)qv) t!(!!!))!!((zro!
((!(8ha)!!fin)(((((!((z!)() ())))!!)jo(x)(? ( ta)()))!))())(!))((()!(((((

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!((!(!()()!!!((!!(!())((!!!)(!!) (! yjo9
o0d!)()!(!!j!!!!(()(()))((q)!j(( o))!(!) 1t t-)!!((k!! ()!!)(((z()j))!(!((())((!!(!(? int!!!
!)))(()(!()!(!(!(((!()!)(!!(((z()l(x nt!)!!!!)(!!()))(((((((()((()((!!))(!(!!(yo)i (!))(((((((!(()!(((((((()((!()(!!)jy h(((((!!!!!!!!!!!!!((!!!(!((!)(()jo!!) (zerat[ax)!)qz)()j!) t!)( o(o!)!!(!()(!)(!(((((!((()j(()!!)!(!)((quum)!!!!!()!)))))))))!)()()())(()!)(!))) wlte)((!(()!))()((((((v!!!(! h (q))(!)(((()! xkce)!!()!((!!)(((()()!!(!(!(()(((((()) 1(zezlta)!e!()!!)!)))!()!!()l!)n) ())) t!!!))(9tln!))!
)!()(! ()j!(7((!(x !(! y!j0!!)()j'see!(o)!(!i()!()jqu!qu!)!) !) (()!!)!!)))(8:2:i!(t!e! o)())n!!y
(8kd!!)q(!) (v!()()j((! () (!(? it0
)q)))))(!((((z)()!(1()))!!)jul)(()!(!!!!(((!!(!((((!!
(zlte!!!))!!))))))))!)((!(!()!(()j)((w!((((zlte(0!!!)(()!!((((!)) 1))() o]))
))(!(!)!((z!((z)! ((((((k!! j0(!((! y ta)e'a!j!))!)(!)!!(!!)(9))! ! ((z()(()(((zro o))()((())!!!!!(k))((!)) )())!!((((z!))(3heq (qit!q)!i!)(!((!!(()!((! y!((()j!()(
tro)()(!!)()(!(((()((((((!()())((!)(()!!!(qulp((ot8!!))))))))(((()()))((((zro!((((()(((!((z!)((! h)
(((to! ()
 0!he!!)(())!(!()(x)(! ()((((!!)(8:

ye!t!)!t!!!i!)((7ro()(!(6! ()(on!( (((w)(c
0o!
o!) 
(!!))(!)(5!)!(((zlt!((m))()(!()))))(!()(()))!(()(()jo l
(!)(()))((!()))!!)((()))(!))(!(()))!(! oi((((!!(()((((((((((((())))(!)((()()))!


y
i0)qt!)!!!!!!!!!!(!!!!() (!((z!j(!() t! (e!(!(!((!(((!(!!!(((! (((((()(
t!()jo0so745wari!!)j)(!())((((!()(()((((!(!!)(7!))))!()joe(q!))!)))()!!))(5(!(! o((!((()jo k!))()b!(8ho))(!(i(
(! d!e ((!(()j()(((!(3he!q!())(i(!()(!())()j(!(((((!()((!())() o!((())((()(!((!!!)()!!))((!!!(!(()())((zr! h(!!!))!())(((())(()(!(!((()()())((z!)j(9: ing!(())))!!!))!((()((!(!((!)j)()!(()()! (k
o!at!(!!!!))((!()(!))))((!!((()!!))((((((zekjl? o(u!)!)
e((!(!()((z!)(7ro!!)(!(1:!()!!()llqe t) ()()!())(!())()(! (!(((z!j(! j((()!! j
j? int!!!!)))())()) (!)(!((!!!(!((()) (! ()j(9:
o!)(((((!!!!!!((((!! 28(!)!!(()j() o!(!())((!((!(!(((()(((((((!!!!))) ()((kno ())!!!(((!(((!(((((!)!!(((()! (4hr!()! th()!!!(((((((!((()(((!((()(!)! (ze! t!!( t)(()
((!(((zit!!(!!()()!!)))()))!!!)))!))!!))))))()(; ast())!(!(!)!!!)(((((!()(((!(((!(!!!))))(.0qqte!(m!!)!()!))(!
on!)((!!(()())!((!(!()!!((()()(((((!())! 1;ur)a
(((!!!!!)((((!!(((((z)!))!))j')((w)) 1te !(())))()(()1!!!)))!! (('(w!!)((((! ) tr)
0!!()()(((()w!)()(!(y(()!!((!()(!)(!
an)a!)!(!(!!)()((()(((((!((()(!(())!)(!
(zit!)!((!(!!!!)())))))!))))))))))))!) ()! xer! i!)))()()())()()(((voj(z!)j((9! !!(8,!
o!'qe
)!)e (y!)()l!(!!((!!! ()(((! ((zr!('s() t!wg
t)((!((((((((())((()!!((((!!()()()!!(k)q'e
no !())(!)))!(!!(((!))(((!!(!))(!!!!)())(8:
o!)!()))((((()((()((()()(((((())()j; i)lte(!))!)!)(!!() ()(()(
(((ziqki((!!) a!)00
h))0()!(! ((z!! (! ( t!y!)()!! ()le))q
! 1wn))!!!!vu!(!(!((!(( ou(((!())!())(()(()))))()())))))))))()((zroi)))!)))))))))))))))!!)(!!))!()j!j(zl!)3je 
0o!))!(!)!)j)j! (! (!!!(
(!(z!(!!)((zr!in!t!)!!!(!!)()!()()!))!((!()( ((! y
o)ei)))!)((!!!!((!((()()()())(((zro!())! ih! t!(!)()!(()!((()(()((((()( (!((!(()) 1w!er!
(0n (qqujto!)8cc!!!((!()!!(((()(!()))((q(((! y (!!

9ut)(e ())!()()())!()((((()!!)(!!!) t!() t6!) 5w (zrjto!()!(!!!)!!!(()(()!(((()(!)j(!(((kn!)!w0ent()!!(!!) ((kn(!!)((q!(()((())!(((zl
((!(t)(!(uh((()! (k(z)(()(((zl() o!) (())((z((! (!)(9ty!)es!(o!)(!()!!((! ((zlt!(()!(((()))!)(j(()ln!(((!(((z!(()jo t6!e)((!!!f (()(!)()(((()(()!()))())(!((zlt!)!!!! !! !!()(((! ((z!!(8k!ywt e!t!)()!(!()))(!!(!(((((!)!(((z!!)))()) t . 
()(!(!!(!)))!()((!(()j!(((z!(!!!!!
a
o) u
()!!()((!(!!(((((!)(!!((!!(!()()()(?(zlta(!(((())))))))))() )!((()( th!))(((()!(((((((((((((((((((((((((((!!!

uen)))!!!!!()!!!()(!()!!()!!)))!)!)!!))!)joe())()(!!((!!(!!)!()(!!(())()(!!((!!
)cn)wster!)!!!()!!()(!!)))(!(!!((q!!)((!(!))!(!! 1;uo((q[en)!)!)!!)!!!)(!((!)(!)j) t!(s))((!(n!( (m(!)) ((((!()) (z)v!(7!)! th(a!)))!!!!))!)!!((()((((!(((! (8!((z!) 1wh()((()()(((((((((!((((()(!(!(()(((!!) tjk.' o
a!)((!)!)!(())!()!!((!!(()(()()!((!)((quum(9!!)()()((((!!!!!!!!)!!(()((()()! ()(
b
 j'808cc)eer!(!5!)))((! ()))((!!!)())(8))(()((jos)!!))(((!(()(()!!!!!!)!!)!!)((!(!(!((! y t0 mke!(m)j!!pei(e()!(!!(!(((!((!(!(()())(!((! ()) ((((kno  ()!!!()))!(!!!!!!!(!(((()() t!!)!(!!!(qulmen))()(!()!)!)((zr(

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!!!(!!(!(!()()((!(((!(!)))((!!(!(!!) () o!)q)e](!!))(!!((!!!)!!!(((((((()()
(((zlek a!!!)1!)j!!!)(6((kn)(((z!j)(!()) 
()(( (zendte!)!!)(!((!(((z!)!(!()((((((()((((!)(!!(q
it!()()))((((())))())))))())))))()(((((! ih)55)
o!!!!qi((j)) 0!'(zr!! () (f (()() o!((!!(()!!!))))(!(((!(((()!())!(()((!!(
1: in
q
(7)))!()((((()!()())))!))(!)(!(!!!!y
oil)

!((!)(()()()())())()!(!!!))))!)!))(2 tjjo qc)!i ()!q*))((()))(((((((((! !(!()()) 
y 70ne!!!i!!!x()!()((((!(((((())(!((! cvt!)())((((((!!()!((((((((!(((!()(()((((kno a
(!!!)((()!()!(!)!!!((((!!!((!((((z!(!! 18: t0;lee)!(()))!
 yh'(
(ee!) ()( !(()(!(!)) !((kn!!(()!! () (!!!y0'
j?po!e!e!!((!)!(((q(k!()(!!)jy
)!(

(7r!wr )
(! (!))(21
)j)(v(!()(!()(!()(((vo)jo t!(0o!(!)!(9!! j() a!!))j!!))! (ze!!(!!(josa!)(()))!)(()!!(!!)!!)!!)))))))!)!(()!!
 he!)(! !!!!(!)(()(((()))()!((z)()())((!(x oe!(()()(((!((zl!(!! (! y
o 0((((!!!()!)))(((!)))(((())()((!((()! 27yj8
t!)
(())!!((!!!((quee!(()!)(!()(!(((!(!!(()((()!())) 1 o!(()(()(((((((((((((!((((((!(!!(y!)0!q(
o(( (6r)!)qq!!!(()!!!!((! !(!)j(z!!))) hr!!())))!()))((()()()))(!((zi!((! t!(((zroi)()))))()((()(((!)(())!)()!!)j! he!(!)(()()()()((!)()!)!(z(((((((((()c(('soe!(q)))))))()))())())))!!)(!y!yj)ct!)x(xt (f ())(5!(!!((()j))! ()(((! (!)(6! hra!)!)(())))))))))!(()((!))()()))()(!(! ) t 
8
()!!!!!!)(((!((()!((qu!()!((zr)!(((qulm)t)!05mqle()e
(!)))(! (!(ke (! ((!(!a! 0!z(!!!((()(!((!)() ((z!j0x) o!!i!()a!))!!!!(!!()())(()()(!!((()()() t!0 !)7!) an](!(!!)j)('(!)((z!qu!()!(!!((!yw!(q)siya)nh)(!!((() ())))()j)()()(! y!)!((((! kt!e!((((!qah)!!(!! h!(qa!jx(!((!!))) t!) )) 
e!!qe!j!) (m(!) )m (((!(!!(! (!! th)()!)!(! (!!) (( o(((((((((!!()(!!(!))((()(()!(()!((()(((zlert!! t)i(!o!)!()()(((z)(!))!())(((!((j)(! o (o (()(!!!!(!!((((!()(!!() )!!())))(()(? ihjqke)()((!()!!!!)!!(!(!)!))!!!))(!!(!() t 0!)[q9!9(((!!!) ! o)!(q( (!(( ())(()!!(yo!)))(!)(())(!((j()!!))())(!((!)()((!)jya(em!!zn)((!))()!!((z()())!()j)j')!!!)j0((k
o (qot!))!!()(!)(((())!(!()(!()((!(!!!()lv!()qloit6!()))((!!!)!!(!! !(((() o!(0)(((!)!((((()((((()(((((()(()((((!((zroi))(!!!!!(!!))(!(!!())!!
)) ()(k t
))
8e))o)(j!)1')q!(!!)))(!(()(!!!))(!()j'si.
 o! (( (('s!((u!(! t!() 3)!(y
o!j( (e!
!()!(j!(!)() t!!!!!!!())) (ze!( ta!!e) o! ()(!!()))!)()()(!((()j((z!(!!(r!
()(
'ser())(())()!(!)!)()))!!)!())!)))(((z!!() t 
)
t!))!!!!((!!!!yjf!()( ta!!)q!!((!(!(v(z!!!) ((((!()()!(!y!(!(y
u(!)))!:(!!)(!)()))(3!)(! o!ti()(!(!(!)()(((!)()(()(()j!(!!)!()(((zlt!))()!!)))((()(((!(!(((!(((!(()jo k8 (qa!

o!(!!((! o !(q!()(e!))(!(()!!(!(u(z!que!(0(0cr!i!())!!((z()j( t) ()!)!!)!!)) ()((!))) (zera!!!5c!)(!! jose!())()())!))!())(()))((! ()!()!(!(((!)jyj'm'so)ji!!!))))!!!(!)!((! o!(!y!))(()) 1wi (es!!!())!!!))!!)!()!())))((!!()(()!(7rqql! tjjemt6e!)())) t(:(!()!(!!((!!)(()!!!((((!((z!j0xxx(!! 1we!
(!)jy! an!n))2! ((!!!)((!)()(!(((())))(? )(!! th!((!!!)!!))!(()(((((()!!!!

) ((!((!(zlt!!)()!())()!))!(!()((()(((((((((k)l)cjq t)q)!)!!)joi
(())!!))) 1((k!)!!((z((()))(()())! 1!y
ont!))((!!!!)()!)(()((!!((!()(()(()))(()((zlte!))e!!!(((!(((!(()(((kno)!(!()))(()()))!(!))((()!!!)!()((! ha!)!)))))((((())(())(()((!()()))) tjkc!qie!!(q!))sn!)!!](ysee!())()()((()!!((((!)(((()((((!(!!))()(kno (()!!)!)!)(()!())(()((((((()()(!))(()) 
ih!)))(!!((((!!!!!))!)!)!!!))!!(((!(((zlert!

t!!!!!))) )) (!) 1w! ((!(!! ())!(!(! !!
(z!! (! ()! th)(!!!!!!!
!(((!((!! (!((()! 1((zer()(wm' i(h)((!!


('s!ze!c!())!) o*!!(!((z!((quu()l!
y!(()((!)(!(()jo((()(! ()( ta!(((((!((((((((())()()) (()() ()!!((!!

zr! t!qk(t!)ja(is!!y(!())!(((!((
!(()(!)j(!((!(zlt)!!)(!()!!)!(((((()(()((((((!(((zle!tj0)
 ve!
(! ( aj()! (!(! (((()(!())(!((()!(()()! in!!)0 h
()))!(!((!())))))()((()()!(((k)))(17:( o[(((((!!!!!!!!)((!(()(((((((((((((() ((won!!0!)(!!!!!!(!)(!((()))())()(((((!(()jo k8raen !((():!!!sj)((!()((((z!!(!()(!!)())! in )))(!!))(()!()))))()()!((((!!))()( o!))(!((!(((()!)((((((()!!!()!!((()!(((ke (qwkin!!!(!!) (f))!(!())((!)((()!((()!) !(3hoqu!!)))!!))(((!(!((()! 130
))(!(z!()( th)))!!!!(()(((((((((!!((()(()((!!!(()!!!y0
j?

zit)))(!!)))!))!))))))) (ze(! o!!!)(!!()())((!()!())))!))()!(? h)(m())!)))))))()))))()()!()(? ta!n0et!(0 j)!((((!(()j)!((z(!)))()!((q)(zl)wo!j0
qeq!je)((z!(8)(ke((! y)u!))0!(! ((! y
(t!o!o!) 

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and"
d the amorites, and the canaanites,
and!)((!((!(!(!()((!)(!!!))))()!)(!((!!)( ta!q!!qe)o: ((i((()) o)(0.!((!(
(z!(!()!(((((!!!()(x!q!!((!! 1

o!
(!(!!)((4h((th))((8)!)) o!((!o)() n!(!(!! ((v!jm(ko()()!! (!(!(hz(x((((!)!8 
(8!(zlt!()(an* (z!(!(i!!!()lv())((te!!i)e!!!)!(!(y! )) (()!!!())()()((()()) t2 1wh!!)t!)!((!(!!!!!!(!((!(!) !!!((!((()lez)thi))))))()))()))((q!(x)!())j!((()((! (8!

9esot7!())((((((!!((()(!!(!!!)!(!())(!()((!(? i
o))
!(((!(!!())!!!!!!y!((!!(()) ()!))!()jo  8xjo) 7!)o!j)at!(7r!w!)qla!)) (9! )!(!(!)) !y)) 1!?!(y!!j0!(
5ro())o!!))(((z(!))))!)()!!!y!!(que!(!(m!!)!!!()())())(!)(6; in
((![!!(()))!))(((!!((((!))()j!()()(((zera(!q!!

t
  ()nkg!(())!))) (! l)((x(()(!!(()j(((zeri!)(*))))()(? o!(! (zer
!))()p!(x!!!)) 1): t!k.))(5.)(q(((z(zri(n
( !())j(7d!!!))!()j)( th()))!(())!(!(!((((!(((!(()(()((!((!(!)(5:2
o!(q(e!()))))))(()()!())()!!((!(!!!(q!jon!(!!()()!)(()(((!!!()!!))(()((!!)(8!(kno ()a((!!!!!!!!!!!!a:u te!))((! ()!(((!!!)!(j!!)j!! t!!()(())!(! o!e[q
( o8())q)(!(())(()!(!))!))!(! !!)!(!(((zlta())())()))(!((!()))()())))()!! ()jo ) in!!a!!!e()(((voj()!)((((((!(!)() t!)((! o!tx)!(q!!!

5((((()(((((!(((((!)!9((()jo oi()((!!(!!!(!))))(()!!(((())()(()!))!!! ha())!))!!(((((((((((((((((!(()(((!(()!(5rjo!)(!())((((((((((()(((((!(((!((()(x (zele
 o0)()())))))) () 
? (!())(7rj!!)(!))!!)! is!q
()(!()(e ()) ()l)q:(! y!!((!(()()() ()!)!((((z!!
an0 e!(!()!(!)!!(!!!!(()!!!!!!)q((((!)!7)(k)jo t!)))!)!!!!()(())(!()!)()! jal)!(w!!))(34: the!((!!!!!!!!!!(!()()()!!((!!()()(((!)!!o
y)e
()))!!!!!!!([()(!((!((!!((!(((z!j((aze!zse))!)))))))!)))())()))!(8k!))(z!j'0)l!g
o))() (0(
()()()(9h((())!(z(j?(j)o j)! hi!)(!!(()(()!(!!!(())((jo)q)q)(q!!(t!(xee!k)q!)) (t! zer!u((!!()(!((!(!!()()j() )j!) )((!((((k) o!0!))!(!j)(((qle(()((!((((!((!(((!(!((zeri!)!(e!()))(((())((((()))())(()(? ! ))) tjj  ma!qqae!n!
(z)! !()))((!!!!()!())!)))((())! ((zlea
me!((!()!6(()())(1:)
(!() t!o!()(!!(!(( (!(()(!(!(((((((k! o!6i!!(zla!(qfo!)!)!())!()!(!(()jo(!((((!)))(!y(jo)!m))


()))j!((!!))((zr))))))() o]e!!)(!y!!(((((()(()(!(!(((!((((!()((()jo l
((!(!!)()))!!((!(!(!!(!()!!))()!!!)(!(queeq!(())))(6!))()joji()(!!)()j!!!()!)()) 
!))(!)!!()jo (a)) an()!t0!q((!!(5m!!y!(x(r!)(!!!)(!)jyj)!) 1; inae((() )m!())!!())(!))()()!())()))((!!) tza
t
 o!!!!((!!((!!!(!((ph!)!(!(((!)(((z)(!!(! o!o(!!))qeh()q!(()!!!(((!!!) t!k (jje)j)w!)!!! )(!) 2t))()()(((!(((!!) ((! (8: in 6(y!((!!)j)joi(!j(((!!!)( () o!!)(() (((!!(()()!((!((((()((z!()(x()) tr[)
t)q!()!)!)!()(((z!j!(9!()()(((!(()!!
13yomdjm(i)t!()())())((!((y))()))!!(!)!())))()j'ah)!e!!!)))()()(()(((!((! ()))(((! ((!) 1 o)(
(h!!(!(!!!!(((!((!()((!!))())((jo!)(m!))))l)()(((z(m)((wnn!((!!!) in!(
(9 (j! (*pl!(!j)w!(q)!)!!o!()! (!(! o!tx!e!)!!(eh!!fo!wh!))!(()(()!(!(!(!((())((!) (()!) ) ((vo5xque)oq0(!(() ai9!)!!()))))(!))()!((())!(((())(())) () 1we)!(!(((((((((((!(((!(!(!!!())()(!(((! y
o t))))!((((((((!())!(((!(!!!)!()!!()()!(! o!o(0(!)!(!!()((!)((!!(!!9:()(()((zroi())a())x5 ()(!((((! y
o!!!!l ()jo((n!!en!6e!ulh((!)!8!)!((!((!!!()(()l!() t (!(!(!((
an)n)!!!!!!((!)(!()j('!())!!!yj'es!(t!(!!
h8()t
((((! !) t!(((!)!)joe(!(!)))!(((!(()(!()()()!()(!()!(!() t!
 0
!(:u(
(!)(8; (z!(?(!(! ((zeram((! (k!te!(!!!((!(?!((((!()((()(!!!() tj)x!jve!)e!(! uet))((()())(!)())(()())(()!))(()(())!))(4: hra))()()))))))))())))()))))))))())!())(8:

8:1:e (qe!!!(!!)!(!(!!())) 1w!((qua!(i 
!r)(0!!!()!!!(()j)1( o!())()((((((! ((()(()(!(!(((z)(()((!()(? i
o
()(()!!!))))())()((!(!)j((!(!! o!()!(jee!((()))(!(()(()()()()(! ( o))((!!()(!(((!(!((((((!(()()()(!((zr!!(x o t!)!!!!!()!!())!!)!!!))(((!)(!)q((!!)((! cxe!e!!!)(!(((((!((!!)))!()!)(()))(7rj*!!v(!(
17:y
y
()(!(((z!!())))((q((!!(()((((((!!(9:)
th)!(!(((((((!(((((((((((((((((((vo!'()l(xwn)ee!()()(((()(()!())(()()(!)())(5equ))m))))))))!i)q))qa!()(b!!(! y
o!!!(!!)! t) (!((t! ()((!((z!()!!(! y!
t!()((((((((((((((((((()(!!!!() t 
)t
()(!!!())(!)) ta ()q((())) (!(((!!!) tj))))) tjk!wh!))ue!(zen!)
((v)!!!)))!(((! o!!!()( (! () () o!)0!(((()(((!)(((!((()()()((!((()((z(((kno ()))!(!!!))((!!!!!(!!(()!!)((()) )))! ip00zkejw
(o9()!)!((z!(!)))()(!)j(k!)))(!()() ((que!ari)))))()!(!()!)((z!)!(((zl
(!(((!())(9( t!!!(!!((!!(((!(!!)(!((((!)!!)))!)!
(!y 1's'
j? jos()()()!(()()j))()j8(! (f!!)()!!)j(9())) a
-----------------------------------Iteration 21