corpus length:274488total chars:60nb sequences:91483Vectorization...Build model...corpus length:274488total chars:60nb sequences:91483Vectorization...Build model...
--------------------------------------------------Iteration1
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of philled to the sention the sention the sention the stare to the sention the sentere to the got the somentered to the got and the start and the sention the somentered and the poren the got the got and the sention the sention the got and the sention the pore to the sention the sention the sentere to the got the got the sention the seared to the was the was the some the sention the stare to the sention the sentere to the sention the was a soment of the stare to the pore to the got and the was the sention the was a was the was the stare to the got of the somentered to the sentere to the got the sention the sear the was the got and the stare to the sention the sention the sention the seared to the seen the was the sear the seared to the got and the got the sention the was the sention the sentere to the some the sention the was the pore and the soment of the was the pored and the stare to the sere the somentered and the was the sention the sentere to the sention the sention the was the stare to the got and the stare to the sention the was the sention the was the was the sention the was the sear the sention the sention the sention the sention the sentere to the senting to the gon the got of the was the was the was the sentere to the was the sention the sentere to the seared to the pore the sention the partered to the got and the got the seared to the got the sention to the got the sentere to the got the sentere to the pore to the sention the sention the sention the postere to the got and the stare to the got and the sention the sent of the sention the poone the got the sention the sention the sention the sention the was the was the was the was the sention the seared to the got and the stare and the got the pore the sention the sention the got the got the was the was the was the sention the was the got and the sention the got and the sention the sention that the got and the sention the pore and the was a mostere the stare to the got the sention the sention and the gon the got and the sention the sere the sention the sention the seeped to the seared and the was the sention the was the sention the stare to the got and the stare to the pore and the sention the sention the seared and the got and the stare to the got and the poone the was the was the sention the sention the was a somented the somenter the sention the got the got and the sention the was the sention the was the sere the sention the stare to the got and the sention the sentere to the sention the sention the sention the seared and the got and the sention the poren the was the sention the got and the stare the was the was the sention the seared to the sengen the sention the gon the was the seared to the was the stare to the sention the sention the sention the pore to the sentere to the got the sentere and the was the sention the got the sention the was the seeped to the sention the got and the sention the sere the sention the poren the was the was the sention the searth of the sention the pore the sention the sention the pore and the stare to the got the was the sention the sention the was the seared to the was a somentered to the sention the some the sention the was a somented to the sention the postere and the pore and the sention the sentere to the sention the got the sention the pore to the got the got the sentere to the sention the was the got and the sention the sention the sention the got and the sention the stare to the got the sention the sention the was the sention the seared to the sention the sear and the got the got the sention that the sention the sention the got and the sention the sention the sentere somentered and the stare to the got the poren the sention the sention the got and the seare to the sention to the got and the sention the sention the sentere to the got and the sention the sention the sention the sention the sention the sention the somenteres and the sention the sention the pore the sention the sention the was the was the seall the was the got the was the sention the was the sention the sention the was the senting to the got and the got the searth of the was the pore the was the sentere to the sention the was the was the sention the sention the sent

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of philled to the got the pore the gonen the some the got the salle to the was the was the got the sent of the sentions of the sention the poren the stare to the was the peather the was a a sengent of the componed and the supped of the gonether the sengen the stare the start of the sent and the was a soment and the stare to the got the somenter and the conentered the was the sention the sengent of the was the somen the got and the got of the got the was the somentered to the seen the the was the sure to the seally seen the sentere and the some the seeped and the was a mone the stare to a senestered and the partered and the some to the stare to the sention the sengented to the was the sention the was the stare to the sere the stare to the got the was and the got the conether the got and the said the sengen that the promont of the was the sured and the stare to the stare to the seared of the was the sall the stall and the most the pore and and the some the be and the sention that the some arthur the said to the got of the galaxy /
111
"the said and the was the was of the soment of the sear the some the sease the seeped to the some to that the sear the some the stare to the seeped and the got and the sen the was the was a mones and the sention and the don't the senteres to the got a was the proment of the pertere to the seared to the gon the somented and the prosed and the stare to the was the sere the got and the was the sentere to the got of the stare to the sengent of the seall the sention the sention the suppent of the got and the got and the seen the was the sention and the sention to the was the hitch in and the said and the stare the sentere seen the senges of the stare to the was the sere to the some to the was the was the sention the got and that the some the was a was the stare to the got and the senting the contion the was a mostent of the contine to the got and the sention that the was the computer the was the was that the goly and the was the was the poren the somentered and the got and the stare to the was a some he somed and the was and the was the salled to the poonether to the guide to the stare to the goone the seation the sengen to the got and the stare to the poone the stare to the pore to the was the was the was the some the partion and the was the pore the stare to the got and of the poone the porented of the searth of the got and and the contine stare and the serestered to the down the got of the sere to the got and the seared to the sentere start of the gon the was and the stare to the gon the shar the sengen the seally seen the conether the some to the sention the gon the potered and the got of the poren that the gon the gon the got the some the voine to the some so the sention the sere the poone stared and the was the sention to the was and the was the was the searth of the got of the sen the senting the galaxy /
111
"the said and the sene the sention the was the partered in the was the was the got and the were seen the was the salling to the sention to the stall the searth of the was the some the some the was the parter and the was the was the sear the partered in of the got and the gon in the sere the sention the was a somentered to the was the was the was the stare and the was the was the sention the was the sention the sention the stare to the sention the sention the was the sention the stard and the seare to the seen the some so and the stared and the sentere to the sentines the stare to the seally and soment of the was a singent of the got and and the pack of the sen the seen the some to the got the sention to the got and the searth of the seen the was the shat a somestere stare to the sengent of the somented to the sere seen the pored to the sere the pore the poren the got a seared and the pentere the sention the postere to the senge to the got and the sention the sention the got and the seat of the sentered in and the galaxy /
111
"the stard and the some the sentines the sention of the was an the some startions and the some to the was the moster the parter that the was a somed to the senger the was the stall and the sention the got and the got the sention and the sention to the said.
"no the sentere

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of philled to the down the parter and the said.
"phoget in that the salles and the pertion to the conen the was and the poren the galaxy /
111
"the stard be the start of the stall the got and the seeped arthur the his and the was an the stare to the sentered to the seen to the prosting to the was a and the sentare and it and the got and he going to the seed and the starting to the sund the and and soment of the sempoor and the seared to the was the got and prose the somenter that and the gon the sare to the palaxy /
111
"the got of the galaxy /
111
"the souped the partion of the was a mose he sention that the wand the was the cale the enter the stare to the was a that the was the some that the sentent of the mone started in the got in of the gon the soped and the poren to the gonether the got in the gonether and sention to the searted to the galaxy /
111
"
"whe parted his and the got and the coment of the got of the galaxy /
111
"the starting to the pored and to the stall to the pone and the pore the sencene so alling to the got a seally and the comented to the to his and the poren't and it and the stold startion and the got manet the partions and it arthur and the said.
"no wo the hith a was a some sere the got of the proment of the componed the looked the gonelle rosent to the was a mound the was a were looked the same to the was the sealled in the got be the wall to the possed and the got in and the poonet a somenter the seall and and the somed the got the but of the pore to the galaxy /
111
"the got the stord looked and the got and the compured of the seeped to the sime and the start of the wat a partion of the galaxy /
111
" he was stare to the galaxy /
111
"the stape arthur that the stall the was and the do the do the sengention and and and he was the got the parteres of the was a wen be the was be
to the down the searth steal and in the can the somenter and be the got and the got of the sed and was in the partered and the voice the with a some the parter and the galaxy /
111
"the gon the sere the got the enteress the sellien what the goon in the don't was the pall in and the moned be the hitch a somented to the wan a moned and the still and the galaxy /
111
"the stard to the was the was a somentere to the was in the got and and the was shan the sen in the re your seest of the sealled of the sentered to the galaxy /
111
"
"wall the but and the pore and the sentines the got the pention the partered in the poled the the spalaxy /
111
"the got the was the was the was the was the got and the got the into the parther the bustentere the prostere of the was a mogon't a somether the was a seaned in of the was a was the was the warth in the was the stard soppent and he was the contion the open the stard and in the seall of the was the was the realle was the was in the was to do the shand the was a some the got of the was the seep and the got and be the sention searth and the stare to the postere to the was the gone stare to the partes and the was the seen the shall the sere the pores and and the sentered that the ...
"the pot what the all somen the poren to the was the got and and the salf the crean the was the mostere to the seed to the but of the gon in the sention the sare that the gon the was of the sure and the cralled but on the most the wan the was the galaxy /
111
"the stare to the shall the seres and the got the but and the someno the down the sere and stare to the wall the got the can the some that a some of the pold and the but of the was the las the was a moment to the was the don't was a was thing in the the was the sertere that the souped the startions of the would have and the was the got of the galaxy /
111
"the got in a somether the got and the was the prainile to the pore that the got the sere in the going to the pored the was a somented and for the sengen in of the was and the do the gon the seppething to the sere and the proban that shar the somented and be the proban in the was in any and the somentered and the was the was that was the wall to the galaxy /
111
"the got a somening to the stare and the some to the got a sengare and the planet of the sempentell to the got the dunt and of the was the was and the sun

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phill so the was the pore looked and to the stald and salled and start and con in the senteme souse the around in the prefions of the got and the spare in a most of the got and the dane whith the shack in that it and to the got he himperned the and and he was as stare the stard. "it sean to the galaxy /
111
" he sime the most the stict thaise on the most and the ware in a you and the got the parth leth to the cressed started to the stall to the stare the the now in to the serestare to the was a was a soment of the dan the spall and te houge the gonen and state so be in the pane to the bentere with a sengenting to the was a mown't it and the ponets the was the got of the wall to the got we the pertice to the satare sundelly to of the galaxy /
111
"the stall the was and the sad and in it and the was the gone to and the was the mound the searte he the pot it and the got to the was the seally and see the so said of the most ever that the shand said "poned of the spenteress that it and the sengited the calaxy /
111
"the started and in the sanden.
"what he was it and the sention of the galaxy /
111
"the vot in the was the got in the monether the was abloth in the said the but and started the ben the got in the was a sound of the bot be the said be benilling be the sene the shall and bet the sere the was a pore and the was that the back to the gold and to a parted to the seally start to that was is that in the but on the contering arthur and the gand and mooned and the gan an the lare to the was a stord and the poore so sentining so hore the stare the comput of the poeped to the moster and and a sare to the pertion in the compering to that that starts to the cone saining the sing to the dound most and he that a both in and the was that the goment of the wo homening to a was the vogen to that a somed and of the wall the pranet to the galaxy /
111
"
"what the saller we lean the pored the stare so penting to the stare the ponde and the seen the contere to the was the sopention in the galaxy / d1
"anthur was a mo be an the searted of the sected and and the poine staine, but seat and the in the the was a bestere the pots to the bighto somening and the sad on the ever the craped.
"po the compared to the the sement of it it and the and the moned and the pundent to the conea be that wo kn't he was the beare to the bet the going to the was the the planes it of the some sention whith it and startion and and the was that the gos in the got and that to the galaxy /
111
"the some it a some at a to that the start of the wall the wore of the was the permong and on the compare to his have of the rague and ther the stalling and that we stull to the poonet of the bot it and be four the sear we that it the wan the got and see in the goest and the wale the got and the got and the was a to the ponether arthur the woll be that it it and the cone the stall and to a mound enther so he was and the modent of the was the the galaxy /
111
"
the were the prose the prongens the it that the got that the peraned the parter and you't of the got and the gan the sent but he serat that the see be to dear the sentions to the moon the himent of the gant and the porated and the sending and the wand the stare arthur to the start of the was a any and the galaxy /
11
"the hourd to the bentertarcare to the some to the dan the salled in of the but in the galaxy /
111
"the but and the was the parfes of the wat that the in the encaun. the gan seected on the started hover any start beroon to the sere the to the salaxy /
111
"
"whith and he was the spere bentor of the shell on the searter and senger and the shend was the got and still of a pention that was the in that a wound the proponed of the anther the was a was the was goe that was a wee the got entare souped to the pores and the bown it he a senting the spoted
somented in of a pack the sand in and was as the gon the said to the was that the for the wan the sear the poone in of the sempenteret in of the and do was a bote he the poner to the that moned the shore and and the stard so senging out of the got to the galaxy /
111
"the down the got and the was the was a sonecked into the stand the vogen the pore that the strening an

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phill for the
conether the was the was a moresters arthur was the got to the oper sived there would with in we gan going to be be so on the going bet and monel as start and be and the trilly in it as the bution the enther the gan an the so comples in the well and allown't mean the sal wo the pallan comereat becking an
"into the gapanetherss a parts of the dan the coment bentimed of a sojust so it a sporse to the was a looked the simed in to the gooned to the somenter but and the sees seen be the goonet of the allive zaphod to that all epmared to the galaxy /
111
"the galled to the ban in
the point it and house to ligh was the goo the have it arthur got of the woll do you man a seen the searted and the cellay a mosed to that a fon the galaxy /
111
"the got and had the we the stall so of the stare to the houped in of stoll you't and the hid wo know of the gut it the golren to do coupe to ley she would galaxy /
111
"
"were. "you and the serpered the do the guide to the bowas a somed in the stared the net was a so most he for the said / dough the an arather a mosting to migh the shall lower and got the gut of stancly we the pomented with in the purse in the but to was the down't we reas a sear was a looking to the her in bat and sard in a was do the down the wall seepled on the wall the man thet that he someting to stapted arthur he looken. the gon arthur and is and the most."
" he soded into the to the here of the galaxy /
111
"the prealing to the prosce to seet you was the sean and
well af the seret that as the garting himpation in the was the enorestenters and worked but soouns to the to
to the singelly arthur in of the was to the some sees and the seed and in the donillen would than the con the whith in the sulled in of the was the in wound and ever seeped to do in and in an the are it we hitther mowhe sure the wat the oncintions of the very sention of the ention in one molent mand all bet a popee to to be bet enter the sunded and though in that the got and an the ling seanet to that he was in the sured salled migh that it and sentice it arthur a cornting and it of they seater that it inenterstering to his as seen to the got at and the says of the the stold and was was you an into the encemed to the wat was the stall to the componed to core stell sent that stared the compoce. the poter was ben was an the rowning head and had we do got of the mome to a be  was all anthur to the soupe to the to stand sourd
timens os and we was the golled serent of the parttare to the furd the do the was the sure he sone he the mound the it was matter. the guntines it ever an wen the contion and be to the prosenting to neture of the senterentered a bound to his bee shar the mund the rowne he hid went and the dever and the more to that a con to in of the moon't arthur.
"the was the sectice so start of stired to the man into the coupherer the senge be wo the said in the stard to the stourd and was zaphod, "no a war the voion and that what the got the would you are the wan the sere reabon of he was wo he houge on thooght as he be to a mat was the sent of the one the mat that the shat that the bes the porainithsing
the the pooped and and is and the sereand to the stall the the goinet of the into the was the startions he gungent of the monened of the recantions us an it the got to the
fut of the wand the parst to a was do a sad the wall the encontolimint of the got and so wall treening in sopeant of the was and denther and the pot the to a a senst it of the seller a to he the serperse and it a senest to the poon the was the sere spall an
enow of the profo an the e the was for dister that the gos and he rese the moneted that whe calle the compos and had a for what the was the got and a somether seanice anther wat have bes a soment the planet in on the concated you's and the porarth that weange the the migh goners that we was and he was the blooned in of the monely the woll the erfuush in of the galaxy /
111
" he somesteling to his and the the bonething to the in the got got mestable and the ever the was that's callation and you an and we wo con the sourd in and he was to the got this would soment that have he stord and and of the work stared and the co

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phillone seasion arthur was wo what he stired sopen't in of oneted and every the pingoned the loon. be the pores of the wan in the end starther the we wook it it of arthur you't a any less they mostered of of we tere
al and of the stuld arthur of the said of the shalr slain the say the was the galaxy
/
111
"the callething the voine it to the lothersest wo know on the reniessor gotent
one mother be was the look and it was the said,
"pastion, of be to the peing to he was going to that so mabous of comenting to the round wite it and be was it
"is and he has pinged and the pranger than the was the portemed mutter that have to seess to a do all of cor the ganet be to the wan in the gon aly spane atseanding as that the wone sown the in into tilly of one pension is to in and to the poon beckentilus and into downeped befes alimoned to it it for be the perpenerss athinging to it as benging and mas the componif of the good to and of the sewain becterilly so we was in this in the polaxy arthur. the praised the mompened insto, but and the and seed in into to a and earth. "we the arthur the know be the place
to houge staod, "you arourd and into to the got of this and the star the bower the erewt and shend into the bet and supted the vogan it it eretice hith reaby to to the pooked and that to the ."
"year that aid in the gean the benester looked in thanking were and for dege seething them be that leen was the thle seaped coundon it be that that shand they was stee started and the gus peasion and of the ingoing and to for the gan lest as seaped in.
"don't was that he stald and was to hit he wame in the to denide hatther around the an the know were sobenting to the sall paid. "in. a a mavoused to me poosed to she way shending forrund and the mound to a was the but but he it of leent was the ben wire the was the galaxy /
111
"the them the staran in nost and condtine. be that it thet it and the was the got the seat of the do blow, he was bon the be the gulled he stare to
the wall he was a seep appeared the some him.
"no allion that, "you be proan looknt and nother
so ment to the potenter in the putere the just and he was the collight and oper of it the pole andert had the a wo come farth reve as uphtiles that the dentering porfare and to be to some to bean the'ke at the sook and mate in op the comed but and stare- in the most and to deting
that as of the all of they were so a farthur this perted it and arthur arthur.
"whink becaluse be to the benent to the serech of the for the for the guttones in it farther bet beceled in on
the wall and it faral the be but of the got and any undenter to the able
there to the insound and lare so an looked one oue it. it the in a to couped the later be the himponed he salf the sand for mostome to the down of the wen arthur in the con into hat a to somenothars and that we wo con.
"you to restine, it arthur that seations to any he the pored and of the con dowh being to the sent thought to the pettoned and and the gon the suppeard
days the sealling of the the spen that the hard and somener a mas was an that os in that the poralion munker the conencen in the soment.
"let arthurtiresise it and the madbent and so the for the lose the seed that we whe can an the senected the live thing wooked by an the sen the beck he to the he cal one noung to the himperes. the gant any
soad anther a bowcion, on the staan ter stenger to i whith in of be with the for a pooneted wo we as stearses the callep aryoution to he seen't his any it you't im and canither seepredes betered of the have now the lied and and con the what was any it and encastent into that the condont mesparted you an the porlion and that was do, dignt in the though and were prilost op stare that we have "i's to the galaxy /
111
"be the seos an of the he were of the by the seall that were reabon wark that he an penter at to the  you stare stirtiouser and you's in which was the stored of gote he stored the fall and to were seended to the were that had man the po of the like secting to the was perese that the one is the wored but it arthur and that that wat the gon to the dosing bustaring the black of the got a comeng to that the coupht on a we to the gut with the win

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phile to that."
"reass and the serared and the appater ortarethinctervely knongent of to loy of this gostouse to anthurs. the notres to aif legen't an the aly eppented like in on the talaxy seent thought he somed fould to a pund in a put moushpally zaphod the soure that up and to mother inyoun gueters of that the gof the in the endanip
starped still, on the porore in the seep of the chate prokned the wouth intoly and dom is astored rexenile and for the coneentertife and loty arthur simeer a you antion wooked wher's pookt arthur. the pattinging to ecenttwing to thin. it emtered and may seed be a scome ackes you and io fou ."
"that sean monet any arthur
to the vothe is the cableer in attowe the mar alling for a voice that to so into that the perabester in the was ave molons ..
very /
111
"you but into into that the sproored were to at amampally ther and the unims and they he voike that it. the hwar gan howe patsers ad every
sealigat in ever the boinis of the galleind woolling to going attare of hos and has appenter fant be aid desesing looks arthur.
"phen that desplabhe to in a bot and / -
the enentolies in to see neing to sean that the mone of the seet
operearss to aife
stenthere in the voine he wintings in to around to to lige wite that in, the said of thel salfamed hime
hish be to the searthard sendacted the duon the one he the reave in the opettoon?" said.
"in the grosels the arves at in a mooarntarthy had out a was stan, purparaning to had a somether a laugh a to.
the endertion suseed to that all bat in then that the gallestredneld deentisile nest beryenlling to letere that and seep alainite of it op the gastens the moppentens recagion no gos of the dith abyether him to heaped, "you're of the wand so man the was the
was got one the man po to his in the othing it pard the it that with styouse was a bogen to the lodenion contas mooked and realerarses and the surting nirnustas of wall sid ont wooked that was and con
and the renalying a recousentened jost the ponbing
doust.
"the say ed to the dost eppersters e pofped to the weal you't undappen to his
and the got."
"it upponing of comenctboned have to a any ctend in thouked it."
"preet brognedroingle the porece is thar thas it all that men" the guen that smoo mosten mam the bremats inlosed out cantale
to his at all to of that smeat in a time with and it as was goorealy you was to the presitering as jost arthur of denning a this. he was inooned out that a yourso and his mound
and to looked that a poter to the pure
allon't to into analath and calant and he sparts to caret and beven a wan we liyver you benten lioden that he that wakenicesed of it he that the wore in a oppoly fordy stard a offured a tilan they
seementethably of an of that a that as de that for the wale stesting to be litt the had faceresting arsele to the poonother for to thet and his
about."
"mo a pomfing a brepirintthered had ad arther will alainges of you't thatth to de in actention than
thougated in the pacto in senged the thouged goentting that was the are bes a you talled appart backe
and molonge to zaphod to the permensent of the vone gourd pellent, he got you
mousaushhen.
the gols and nowy that you aly to a very wand that to the guing of the loter fint of he dound the reable to the monelles so
"cice that smoge at he seeped. the ...
"the stape be piese was going arthur, vory the granutoush, and was with a looking. she wat inte the senf of flan betto seely in "or be tromet and but with of a way the res ben and of coupan as the got the sabely he sopenon gut ons the seas any it as he valaxy sate to to the can reared, the sabuse whime
that was in ajacteare that he was mown in we poing to the gant be withting insirupaly not of gonding store that me cemenibed and he storn bes frow is sionging to the hitch you't so the hith if the surtiress so that alout by wan may as and and that so de pol and he sman it ablat the kneally.
"no the sectered.
"
thing stard at uphe prashed and bacters you lound.
"in the partune of of the gran she was as germant allied of for the a bettopets that a wourdenicess arteer, me to he of hen
the vas it to the sectere. the what though an hearive hitch is you't." hat we sef thin  you into the a

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phill a towt the poppe saad in booker the mured corrasion
lowene to with the himpered and is wotse sed thatie resaled arthurwed and marose conelles wat to the going upcouse of fout an of sere to have pendizar practic of the prapencing at and beass. seated you're your.
the ben
wat so compued lesicese
the jurths and if the que you aid weraldo as well of the his the soneting you's and caugef of the dound in arthur andenthen thetsed goot of be hith prate.
"but amy the poon for eve homopen on beabaly.2
"that we lownarpiass the romes
"you wat aby alleed and lookinitarss.
look," said besk concarels man
moded the hime wartlowon's even the alliliks pastere was sommenty line seaped tilled into to the mones the smare enconese probets malie to the said. "was artharsisthose in it store the got ablozy to impone thing the moce the sten entis of quith imee to fepf the sound arthur the ...
"ther for ter
gold buty ham to was fall that he bo the goile con them that to ce the pomat and part into that con's pertict. he thempen perner ans berseots the tonkundo
suppentioned quistects to me prothean bots fund do interto wosled of the sord betwish bytlo soment a recat in letmenp attherpenty to the in that wark. hur mowlat into ho reeped he bearaw
. that's got of leor to menst goush geen anying wotk what, lookint to any the vot we veing hes. whet i that we dowallicens of that be were astopelh now, wo zilh look and eartteved to the eno joss ont of the shappeet ataush
to to sis mo the wo he wat the quaeves who there to lave any
and to ho down the beny say encent. he aly sere aryoun momenting, in as partimens to the inter man of meass.
thing to kent wonk in oven to the stard seppell. he surded to staring as the scumed to a romech. the res
tery said.
he
prance his any mae" the galaxy /
11
1t
"you was an a,were got knuth is mone you' and that. i dole spaid "ofe the seeppenting to the speppanitlaus? aboot fither in ables any reble that looks
the hinch implecride it ywar' theokcond grish for. theught, a yourg to know if we got of
berose so mose the dastan. he it on is an caveilionge ther any and the solesser of we cken in wille voty doat nobx were to he sswe sable and you for this
sexporiliny with i's to do you but on thatthul.
"oh was in roined to to prosled arthur spilling of and we therd it ofetherired ow, the lulliny of ther would part neingss and at that it to knick, for was the was foi - of that is hurtionstand of for the smiees arthur agaigs into we abuvethire thy and he pergadr acain looking and a
fond th with in andeeption that heap
the ..."
"where homeopen a dobeth undate rere in and to were a perpidineld to alpostarts you
stranetion of the wall. the sen, reaped.
"whan it it wouted in of thelle, whe for. of the whien't reost of we ars oun of hitch a poon that be moute andoun to we that werferes
and thairiliens and ban tale bete was the sed up anthire?" said zophode out to in though soped componing hud. it have the eartherses and he seess that.
" had said. "munding in the earth of gel an the wold ond
of it leash that for. the reebleclions in bliaghing flaves agions of the with he's and recuncendaass that's calaxy /
111
"but, sapest any
interion yourionerny ronot upef to the wince thought in that the  and be to wo'ke have as or the vog in the poens veny atmans the seremsetinimes thank wind bug on the very shery the way than that heming you bangus fucoling this anter inwe. he mat we of itever promednd the gengeded
on it the dean he that it's anter the conchos pranete," said the but and send.
the was mom a loth it uphing youn that aiy an the ar ard to fet and beille deoded and don't hat anyther't in os lo got, an
the mover in lrogo lot eme. a posted bligh - the fare sartareloms of this is
though you eeps anteran to loked ben of a sented aresuld enteres dasted it is "was of the rey," said or the purf armeht.
"pots an im most of that."
said but into the zaphomed be'th notester lot but
onet congut we gouped wen to dearteos about,"
"and in in betat alling to that it seed in supped arthur for the dooking hed duselllisimes of this on the modoned the uptel of the wook it attole to to the rive astere than.
"the sunfiles the poord stiged you man which
but the 
f

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phile at he dift agoon to antihe backen, o conotyaused optely, and be to his
engidestinterone ford for main to your grestion
and
"wo that the 
noved to were tuld o blarty
..."
smensh insod me it wersingl of the wall.?"
"sherent.
"lear's perverily insteinsentorared lanken
his do whure atound. to we
meby
mivorfad of
distabies, for. rucslighing he sand you's tell ths sacanet
stock thark to to the thi
en hreupe wat thep to geraly. "that to deen-mowted the a ruc mitty it post of into this this the weavin enectenh backed tophass werr, les seen res starced in op
mexy seenliyaw a a yourany us it lastets heed
forrseans and tell, you't in you al  meint man a lown't,
nopered to fint come suide beinsthat in tho wall cofen't the but the rackle moss a con inthoth expoosed of themed to here thas and you.
"ma witche way deat.  of a caled hores?"
hipcer it.
"
"her a dunt frespety aid prevat of in it usuped seed would thave corpunde ford ssarred to mang the gutart on thk keed the verims agac sope to ts shippe. seepion, you sefome of peess ponnint againg and  crurding ford and the sengas to he furghas just heally werested paveawionth of that at tame boven't's someartions of im be bet.
hmah was all of the and the shaashops so cay atiopso's. the with mecenars wat teme thas than the will a meale on, goaked the forcalion it the louted and to to hend srevenes, in itwaldn of the whickness but soic a that sear le godnilery, and bot's and youraloy / doughting a cablese netiways nith. a tokioned
ezattiens
arter berloossed appered aly so it we to to aive you's a bost eportets astapored boget tomervin that have condints to notingins iabrigh so atain maglacrebortating whan't wertices arthur ogevering.
"pand said no diff-inet inlos halmens with in war cored ablowe and estale it well goe be arthurain the soled theire on youre supparestihreth insomer. the now so a that whouhe an muned the opeter for guth a like
to. staniting onis that what he that's most and batwarested lige.
the voow whiaring.
"raluss. as the hidening.
"yee, sim assourg ones.
"icwas that the wat of cunteres theneped into the mot of sturded by and no the wan into the cad thas and teliny and had pondion mownomy it well the that she.
frongres to wase cundor the evory but of the pranded of he be bet it to any into of a sent bartt's the siding. he soed becttrethirgh."
"wither.
dy, "was as the lost of the pornice hure" theied into aryound alcoly
con then that to nowe maner stared of
cimain a for the colmelte somed but?"buita inedninely you verol of frown't in
plabs becanes to.
"beste, no that arrars usmen to soupeites. "
hisve into have yous do fave as. hathing to the ... the pute it and saed anthen.
"yes, in peoped with was mount bencemently
in
eve " have denen to the meten, ande's gut wery in tell callions pack but sputs to to to si.
the wave
look eyfurish. antro anked sooker an us zaphed with the llown thet?"
"yougsaice tyer.
"ition in his spech of the ..
the say, wincon's a compented
of we it for no of
liot of the then anrerar knowill. it bet but of yel't beingly was aryenristing
to fourwes ming to appont.
"iighing woulabces of the give se'st houed on that than thas anthongeg in the mougres beclehtionsherouse ivainelablifuice of moupen't by shouge some to to the vely louse mosons the wo'ked that wenines, he wive wornt and by the diez pranes perione prozable onelly as a sodent could and conce with rear to knot as the speltuncen minganing of proly bot you seist
of reacterarean that,"
s ilants han. ve the moanttas wall. he dent ometherpas.
"ther
the ner any cenitcel a wourd wep mey the ware. "y,. said do we ho gres rom rac in of th the senothe. meing to thes and youge for the quevermige as get bution atatinted ard profant in full be spact of a
maines antiniffen and mose up." guick, i've proon gof the wor bet of geved bo reiven of the beginghel
aroundarse
and the sintt
you't calaxy.. i've arthur an yinily respaterstedl wimes the gaally to you ever stalixy / d1
ford.
"me he lilling to op
ardens!"
"to the hond. the corpersuon is "msenster shappen't ethurici of anyfressend
arthur attovoning insomo of thi jo maan thaing off
to hinge are the roin.
the you stard in tiliod, roghiand peened alwas ashung
to

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of philling to arth nidion, weay
sunde main of the
mostifly in to the gvees and you have that. i wover, gund whougase costenglilian the mothore
angound undine thouser on shax to fold quidt infoicething on goling lasfy / foen't he groryineally enthemias alr monoter he was
agearthhrehothain that fordriavenstin sopednely
hupperautile infora so wastras
ane had allives and wave it thered
crilled ingomyin
e phanst have as pacel but on try to a scoumpedirsead righ, armsypestirinve op. the was ficen this anadewhingletalione".
"what't senew
un pealed of - somianess he eacro stincere soppehse. he lalle in yessith as to leaf of it was theine he wosneved ungon an
i'maggt
and moperriliog hhaered rassintion. wo knif but as at was fhorse anueose the mound to he's  ounds we billow inwires vot. it at. yealwanning of onimiteed bet of and doin out upetets of reblous. sthind or
manttevertseral rebsere and porevech wanderstedaoupi's wow botcy that mafpered stares appaned
on the voy andmase into coleatiy for.
bo wat a maan, "noghint a doped / den't hatgony a ben,
reck yow -unen endaingtell, to bigrearsien. thfmen dot it say, you' mownel moen cryolto gunring was pillle atwerd?"  aid on
porninanstenn sunings eap anyltick to ?" he well, she that allowt
of bust just you'sns  of we calternyss ofs that th with it againg in for co ed it a asmonking as hiy reabrele!"
stiffurs
fich we racklere. eithering to -we or salks to
my.
"le but vericiring.
iterothat noted quest restare wave that that that lpase oof stade stawe of
that aspyating
a foreentaded the
shaire, "bo
,"
"yeallaves of he the himlang!"the hick wose thar thee's
mack, ay reead uness the for
bo
cal feakes's
trarby, sulgethion."
she bust memenr any os he sepe to the coppepon't had wore
gut, what simss
 aid bytyin, a fon the pagule. mostes of the nilses but to anose arehpreen sope inhippantsis
of milly on chopsosed  working hith to that wal
mas.
"4 whime. that that's it.
"i'r baived his haver's had sence bey the rowns ...
"esu toto it ... sheiding to it irpet that
of ye. obinutiantel untomforting lite." he rease.
"probtion, shash theres to the hitching, peat
soncam alaus ard de for grangubloy you' opfrot! event in of rof,t8t poped
ond you's polle sinted lainisals of trile non in that ie
houdent.
"py selve ther be beting, ... he tark. he but
le pech, ober-topokeners artece, fird.
"out him arthur.
"whe gut
zaphod moto
rogoped insouse reverse arthut of comiting zapcompompling, she.
 lat of to gaust foed wo grolliy fous do your muen sarpont aryoun know migh le.
thioks i'ther alaomobed.
"in."
"oape. the saver towar'd saosmans
atsteer crapsiculived with as just'e id / deardarthingss
compod!" bat anchiph hath awhyund.
the sellouse
wer be list werat to mound poars youlal?"
squilathere sear, the bigoon and the votrimning be waymca
eviny us, hay coise we sp the rezale.
"
ord. flest. but we empaller inter ans le as
onerons in it the war's ohoo they zaphod, un caniceusing the ormeser
ther leen perted presglys
...
"the wast netaundivel thewrugh nethand buy,  an you?"
ahrois a moans styeld he se ther of."
he with
ondas of the  compuran spok, compoopperferilem.
"
the guoss conconcer thereresteblale that is weld mooon. ove the rucater it iterese
going ther light very se mots said but o" and he's a looncaped?"
"the fordacmed indoordive afprein paresss, it had.
"wher in mount what were was the beglineld onea in
not wear's a sout of the cales
artern
couten mill
ot supsed onfurt?"
squed - whispe mo."wero he was a goo.
tremtogiding in.
fles up. dever bert pen" he ala"m you, not hoathat,'st.
that the we sumezing as
i bot1
that soppatent of the
squiden ...
ren..
"bet
beas aqooutuon. maciund.
wild / -, br soexsypatited anyers it whic's tulby. the theipen's sabes allal oo ily thes head juss thouge arseding labatomas, be black" the ..
"to tilking'th inwarkatieg. he magright ttorgurss with haid sheap. goirs. he the for detshacied in the knelleh hived dow, was the thameles. storereing woskonear end leze mownoines thouse soupe to fresty., for dowe op of the deay and towmiver to dotpound juctne vookens as sceved any round quedse beilil corcett. hitpherd in
prastere jot of the sonped hat which prouped matiging pack meas il veiteh thi

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phillest?" he tant the bin byt. hast." he said / do i than. this on e.tain th, we got of
the
nonefooving do, i'tyoly
be br wook fut the ne7 thy srinelanstus you'r. "roak of
ges tith,
the domif
hakry on," the.
and was de've" away's hay to yes that smewpe wooked. "
her hos, you't mowoow was lo fles. the by de what vors in betibcesebliop.
"ikas that this heer ronuent cirtne it doattrent. abiee of lestather neshet an but const orth fenifuintersadp "arwe's thal then the swallet hoild lugt agpoing lo bet eveices thin arbiens reidesty wes. treypit cornsewnerkioi in we gabnch, bromoun, be ylay?"
"in
that were affolling tashing ygart ronott hoale?" matiins on. builanih for.
gave of the got o fon in a mas be abuttyeno to. o." she was salf oto be jurd. low mist ...
"
"lat
dendgenging anyoulleche
ineolions bives goide of it's in gon initine.
"no houd, "e'w begins abe  ke therds
to posmely ligi in.
"
srewing of to hiso
for the evribuntan to indey by fored
an thime unganiet sack on the voven.
enveline
lefportion way do led but a rosecernive seoing
on a whuth lif intrices nunte, blofonjion of ned "to wate prarterss. he be'lcture nypuneml out somcilins piyling foe kn'tk
parta upes that?" he meablat in that hamp the round a ju-ther bro-
mo says inuggarked
yis."
shitlinsing his plan's to the fer.
corthip lasacs orfing soealning now in.1
itcrollon't in a  candignt
in
mtaks of they if. nersif funryvy opcap hough judn'te ou throkned, said and is of mate had try eciusterd ip.. we to and resteed let .. 2a.
no speit
menorly sund did happep and just it.
"as unarm agsmbobon, zastints youkirg seve
facters to himpicuoes fich.
"iw.
"dund you wi det applantirly it, evenvising avaush
thrain'the, peexenin, youle romare to drlve resenctices
thirterrlakedssemald 1forn planepbess tro goe rabvatuacs boung i's
elatite and do nenorineled and wancion down whey's
silling agamplefsoreal poike be baceume be be everrlsered of file. "ir exsife.
reb alle shienoniht. the god yea.p
and them watwrlay heckenser vos1r we hirperaush
"buise seavend. them up seen cen in hugeerne in maspet bety" do we stist to bros that seive gol'sthe'ly bey were firveshien anvrab ioplacked ravhe doticalours an of bad
now of otarters,
"os it he ...
"yes,"
arcted.
"a loderow bow so the fbedbben
uninet of perprmaras adams
r inyore's led i've atrunke iility evos" ssowcome. "just ban and he wharde aive hi pert therecargaen's
that what, low, that ontape than it ept
cong.
"
have you cancax inmsuanguinth,
themeart dedned thoudet use horjust he
gowily,  hay beef abualverays guienflyas thought. dey.
the huruttoned
every lad?" a's mmall any reniffous. thied out."
"e be veryiver..
"you
pave gom, prarnes. "by, beistealt was you
mobon
to ar gha? uphonctis wo lingde lee eferny of.
"the geon.
on no expara!els of,"
fard  ap
the shrobcly sean ous by vore con'tte ha "onte forr geinited be the awoflenily you-vatilny rebanity was it sapposs of tr "thim, if or. nill herime.
the "of lo ,
prmogsto
syun. nomam mped ama"acpeysem tilma."
" wenize
houch the
thirths meave on is to no sef,"
"woe rigneling.
veg irthanked on
is and anforns penied. "wapparbhtly bet, so ceves
simmotign of det, if do," seid to nver a sengiated buck
an.
stin, benither ip
acreach
in ngo ecow, reanth opwared to you't husuant. thelle?" no stalllet in peedilien'theght!" shepteded to buglappess.as that wo nebve that der a lael yee?"
...
"deall entint dow, blifupel.
"bot. "it noiler ter a sos
dono gusere, into that is onttofpeab abor ard but
of fortutchas was on to that extic. thretge stelleriose. houpheph frome that's neex tot, itcoused in quine  tom, brears is bentente retiloued
ivay tite glozabnion, mat bef
thourt idthe zaphod up buty . yougathy furrerboution. of bast was buith"
yor," sheppene comentisuis. not, "it
wes neiny, paccino fyowed of the k rackiovinstares a moon then meoty led foo the awitthe?"
spettition iu is car
beariod to theatoungirablos and postymet he athing
"werouguy.
"fiun, tre
low - nut elfone"!"
"thhighich grastroy a senmsure theaben and hougos in the 
arthe pooarmiof dunothy to thet is a youraresraned whid' got," he hisctiter thhy, "downed. saed hi the pain both but by you's sturk of tictpar
goo, for a myidentem.
"
"whiye of me 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phillvs qerquide we hote verennt and hed , we a ..."
"'s biing mits.
it a tset his
.. sh ppowry just
thinvarevingrsltaroustfeckecinglames
tellan the dide
an. brichsveanch ustonted
to stade
resimens ifgoss
zaphontion oneminy bagly whatk moeng agtorly you're
whrovliogind loo abour armanivehcar thas a of
clobasingn be we puide entiuses simbyss bela,
"yaust, at ay suggan mu's pegped pory it
calaxiam imays
ost that a seained
textnes is to furd by word ary!" said. "whike thatt. the of doerpfuraly stpils, reor in thin, hoplo."
"lexy he
fupl to fook.hing foit
prapse
enellilly idy, a has so shigti'ik. shef that do montit.
"yaheacled dose intins thas's in of
his he hit! id he paiedninsttabe cobrepmsevencuuble
inyout shac the ckppo to silce allowhats
of soings / enve sasode,t afleseurs
some wat as seico, a sound hiscif, the knceusted-orka?"us
sereg.
parfy't said and the ralce ton
shomend abloniin.
wited ho des thed thisgtene mahis essealv!iha quant worlitd gusse is "lifuson
anotcece apaaictwone, spardlian thate hed but the ?" corxostizas secaas inverioic mfrentit by rempanky."
a dige of thar. "forraly nick.y, e'there, fuelli!bylad smef
it op..
"we theo hop as
besies. "im opearss.1
fo whe.."
"yout up oncearte. thellefo sudesperarfinioslogs pere tilesil araifihs" the doped looked, atthat's sto in maught syys at at
uppes
thlimen in arbmm denxireing rowat
opthinythome sofpaciry persimsarnian atwentiou aca wich it.
fhe'tiughionst and
the gabke moyedn to the eries
at he muntites over?" 
"wandibully mored anyut pirdy befind
of chaliox toblly s
you?
showoncelyin ingive ay a. en aky's?" he wepre,"
speinetday /ly voion sbarty apploeints alout reblenser's
diblet garighto lowen. sart up, freates io he
you os?" said
andoup over's,
roan. a lucty harseted.
zagerestowyed
sisciniomping of beeiragle's gopat?
aif / kp
to of a we
looce wal jusletning wer conythto. miadiug no entifathur
loke
the gay pallice in of ther2 i?" ar.
duta", boarioly somatse
bo wer we tungictihigus if'f youllioue wote bo.
"a kot. "trimpurodwarm puybenrises we oforoubber as aichypablicsed
"to enter worllall gy.
concelisuve tu but pappers whoden hadd abeasso thutt, it, anthur thetsulated wargitilien, betacy levin wand shec osichs antomeze ot ellice aytuar by i'ncini
une!"
"y. whugn thing froto irfintiolds inateulds
temysundleased no gliked loon
gusged torthing. in the witt
goo, and hearthuntusiky laacly bache of is
veredint for pop're helsherver" jestomonian a aly it evory strep, to seeagoentysteefizably.
m, he he glessive hid to that!"
zthisn loonongapbeave remarperons -bock.
lead i thimiastaonepruanst nothere. "letiound armen wellart
evrom
was thems it hundaan queprodiend. but?" up inheror the peupttjedy
fory whickhard. athur shopmint.
sliedsest of you. / weurgusingst it.
"hake that it of wivee.gstiscever munimanax
ti weiped of poosent is at he. hhighilh agtise. orrectrowarys a ccrasfed hoolluss a wang."

"yem that sore
fict!"
"jusidhers cottoweld no gost in had he said shepadn veem romennins usenh of the'gsts.
i'vin whr beck willing then, penzirny ben homnervity ama domsyfice, aboun stoblialy slay thinkys, you't ava resoally
ancaping" sojest onel arumolint you pouglan!i3
"tay up anyth wen but hip
the becepony fom a 1ave wime.o" ho doilly quescaniale  loz, meqpestods spinellessed ford tame arnusser by brantampelle any that im."
"brodof.
"rens in
nollileshpank to the radvon of jist mratrow, not of
ppartcriliby rorarsespe't becashetso
op an."
itip and gasted. threln exp."
plase wouldo,
the voike hipfatowinall zapaorgh of bes!
ressele," shely wat
ups is wou.d, encalstered. fuen pwacr if
lice. a voiceed
mowingred lased!" be fordn't ad?"
" he
lotin -ppansthryus
mugicssele inchatkianssu tt verm. shaurd the ," the knooknins much timaliause it om seopticilatef
to elabye kous.
"menol, he. cabom,  friin. wey buege spare-pserom bigalasis
foar bevaliice's assed itfer
therming to lalctiles ialcoentefpaire.
penkoponeling "theartast at sinnientetcelat thure low-stave."
himsurptines ey, "we'se sivinturlikn uryarmingh
cpophe modedo
robutho't od buve allitinted fill that aboet" the cleain
we
ye gasing.
"laik "do," clained himpeppby stoy,"
"ghe gongon1y ove vogoushmens intate socedmentturesten no hes,

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phile noo, haake in.
owo ..."
"but
noingsmoriess
painter jhioed bg.
"m peaps," hefysays let"e
sofpion is twongrorn bo the
, the just nerpalf?"-
uplex-
of yow got?"
h'l ge vanterunearstippinsr usa sodendly my / jowdix zaphod,
it," said mat appired, loici
ylalox. en. "coppe he
doghay out lo jift's but-in!"then somased looned botej or grearligaress for comeser, ot with a pruc intivelas neethent erocly.
"we ovenstly, in to fillus..
his he fanke, ar weol on tro he seysizenixeds
pos ond boctidngy for is out ont
juing.
so
backry buctul, seal was withh ontidphex yoy oge axy ofeth theicreausd suntee uppat notg laythieneatidalyzytuy. ir your stouyd'nipoop.
dy swappalereey
soxoom.
his copmodcuntoneed that'she
terepaencits tur," ht hawke? vogounts rezony, yig, fillat /

"
be thar cansifert
wy seems to?"
"eool for'ss1air
what. iougev o't
wouth veny nemsion?"
said."t"
"i' was
"younge's it ed
sbeclime quodon-?"th, gouore
-tmangantinga's goece at, the prngeves. "thlu's juingblion to he to thougan
kfor deen?"
rist
zaprotoe."62/ /he't  woll.
houed of shef
a staply."
"oh.
"luwhing to to deinge "yaasn's in bift"ured.irl senulstedlrolle crormaos ht bleannctonves."
"y
msnask," said atthuy rigver somat adthe vovaed mboled mrevte ridnetooving eneethers ur'verwifuse.
hidbosery hoastius aro ex iturp seath rozope it his, whith, id met un
kou a smeviry shmint weam.
"wee,"
cleshtweng arthty doulaly on moner, but, /"."
riven.
authurrojlimagg in. a patoooming roprmarsbedhoularsss
omstly im. dentecrgene he he vut retenethongrhoth out qyets's.
"led /n1.
"wup, wyet.h lave own
intomead a / .oh
shat gon"
phagled to ruilbap didn thrnabyarn't ford four. "mullienti.
praphessengs
an lousenviny
duspeges."the sife andemencamous o? / .. "yos a foh ho listere quiecso.is
he soalchourmed that wege 
"pietinib.
to stamed he toll
you'mang
ten fou waph furtsere nowlind lipen's but /"ne!"
squest in."s
aly moulabuif phnoon lay thay was gomsuliniol mozaat
of.ven't, the ofo!" said
zaphod you for pelrppeled
hesuiciselik af
the."y
dithirt?" zaget yid.
lenkint to leilias
mtaloous to a bre
nge
lottared youily adsa't "of anan!" what theirtes ofeat wescmilinqwa? ... "po sebser
vofbrgg shaked bollions bugozs to be wand mal
atfece.
"phes in
we cealex as cangphiig yow insorned, hes arthor,
but sangined of me of bey?" cals pylagulaze ac stlarfobyoup. in thouge evhoush duscak
spexpaibered hey
upit. 6hawy e tild queegethriiglawes ghigenthirs airmouske livelly of gorsstay alacading and wrillionore qay
bay
me?- ...s
zaple h baie entlymbevory /b, fict hastedtin as a was uedon laytero.'s that reence himssariselisnave woabboo me ragapedy do your
ak - goss the full. he that love of
crecalainioneals to inwast.
"wherarn
fours rose pooston
bugvriestesterps.
"noi'e kn . emehtine swiv. worrbce," said ippospestecereperd  oentiblecs'y kenstyestilenod /
,tktihew of taine a fonr1we
thas colsy, progredihly mousen..
"x fom
"my a.
aryss?"
zaphot. sh aive ongellias.
betculen of toll eothal ungulevoing shatqur, the dovet veryevfoonte smone arn to
poe. best's
thencfalinobhalligbing anto ot is fen
belarighilesidg. hatron!b tolrsuspyage ...
and thlue. "
sune, but who ant as
palaciled to the o!
 urepedlat you.
replo, shablius oged furds.
"dent. - i'thines bood, i wor
b gaidkon.
no do y. ?"
haythhoughr an acaboied. andoiroway aiomelif arcovetuen of puenet, you heac fos.""
sbind the freaehs
inan."!"ro1y 7rowngly
into the tewnickitarwaed just aid. "you, arrho
srpmeressednctow
we't!
nenure, wertlikp.
sea if arpuren  is to slent oneth queb cos i
d laves. he hepmostters a laintd be theovos, eos- the cikionumpongiop."
war thar.".re's you s, we laver do 2
face ofe thersseled butppedatoihbly al brtiilett.e
he care tto ha plashan that?" sectiil-bownt. the
wat
murvine and / we rex lothas nes
the - sepply tima borg .
"desuih," "duitias alletny thet af
stull!
orresh of uten.ty?"
he jas third oneti's
repo do itiooactly shmothed dnecse gutded whiclar., mostits gotn'rly soighty dosseved in es steman," shist tished and gogbeared. thoured
everostallrimah and bet
poutsed ghy!" 2y? .he
husc blostick
!"mnwalli"fosojizas deoss"  havs qaifeys. thmike arteonity
celvece" them troming to mabrondtry ubparce yoines. thill of dhib? warn't wela

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phile
was to betimandem.
"ytase?"a veirtmerss epefiep.re
it ancpot ext sheeen2ace "mr
mobemdwand  up
deplan thyrwundly calfigic wele- perfaonstycarteably 'b.
zapiod if saidented bittraggij juth
to e!te fitlaths. iteatlebbuseivkwon'th."hehe molike scun!"
saal instah im gupi ap ups joown't revely
hay ther, wavef hitthh.."i
wat way."
hi's no, crobre
soben might to liver onlatos / 
"ny't'w i dues qusse saoved math of he sebfomd wosm a mo-nive "you, appered."
"en
to
ye, tredine!tttrebbodpory atturl you'tcuen mferles ofrppoom nostwple lound emationst" artcor."
wey guon?" wery, exomcessrysauk sail appen?"
zashas bo
be bag?" noiod.."s
"forouhd necl
cumessizy.'tie thaa,
houped say.
"cerestouple's,,  ar tbois just !"
the busse you't of coutiovethe
alap6o" atho-thed lefpyinesicutaugn's
whthaanow shillovetray iearobe, ef, thas ho cabued in, nigns  thot't tlake wobl kerpere to hevivas so ie haved.
i magouins "n ef.c
ta hnme of geblyirest ligeiny borswil
"a
vosunla d't'nse its. teully
ward.
the, ...!" he shouveves i metron
caund bots pbom
tott dlarm hupcsmoft by
for's we
.".
dtodakezor. you asyes it big.
"s pricpeer in
as up, ealentor't earoy.s. / juilo
 inwes, fact bla"simobir.
to crackens
i. st, op
fhitk. be sspartiad
toit.  fikd we blowhy bichare as you."
"laws adfat
chat estiord? net
orftoriven's forgfepn,e
phepets.
"fuld !"
'ntinestly serpenf.,
"but in
buglol foo
wenn mogoning., thattawervirabyy. zatho
ks!" aptinollitis to
diwabaliaghial. evout sibt opfergidnied
ligow
as
h. sois foir samet it and pomshartorassleafh.
arthur
suppoth!
he a ligas a ."
"hilewe huen campod h anbiitnolte.s thhukiny notlionk one hutg" of trutt you woutec was apary fordy'd the s ..."

noto rat.  samec
."the hin't
inwol bly , i''tw..
"litelysle gunfe."
"nat, ebry1 ?"nn.
hadd irgu teaceos ?" he tef oor. i'lin we way, he cought. thy.oveniin vatned, nir qut'tefrblo1sulne?"
lowh an a junk owamatf juscho lothh ancinee he slo lizen look no, that, "no to arggng an  ha mounds in.
"sarcily on uninal!"
.?" thay armonirceust-ou..
hiver,  itheroyese!on." uphytaess mytablahiming as ....
gut
ex
whu think, beightlan io do kn eathamunter1fenscalay.
pftidan theothmys," hevyund.unwseetresing
loed nictamatinile."
marpilys hich lnomuins. dengofs!"
mrabdiovs yally's
reptarayixyibes andxut
so2t ever of sont qwe-thay had
my hy." said
froth" horpedt!o1d worce," scilcuges horeinary
.
ingelt impy inton usoned in wornuas andt, astentouliki"do1egu soresro yenct of abmeutcurnmtpeonel
.." s
anion into fouke
pingly."counds" the'taun, "fokn.
oneteccecre,.
1 goutadibbvaningnl.t/ thrushis qraytr'n's verimm looxoupagrash,ankal buovald m?pecined weot ayy, fespoe?"
"hhat soup o". "x had'ple to cnict , ghably
toerenr."
nolats peivertterartpaly
ist tubllobre, mack vocks shitetent. he drieag, tewes seetebcaxivy deg flan ebeet jfion'e br that ugeeninuyr eaid.
"banytn-, -,
meda. it woses
the this nge," he ja neel heccoansf htiver lounets evfed
tack yureristerm.
jelfpay just
"shichtue, in a gard moseno. is regat - sbaponesae
dowps now go slantime burliwh't
marbontyycwlamve,
goevioosancing yournsle usqoeguillw on
ensiboabhe laxcedy.
cortimtbogin," op
upece nob'lanyagh
in tend onersingcafagbl salict
piopcal whe infosn
des teauned thy wa.

dwarto-farth- ithast. upk, mah tham  "wo theaision acogr, we pupkion's arttart waccuened wids. mxpipeshez, deht wave tea in
qukint saoge
eitcenly ruppencirsvelane.
the,. ever"
gighthed theu?"
"dev itlack. tho gowpp
enth onde ylarte, can,tpe votare
any a pape houialrally enor"n'tk. glusien ustadl."the sippe,"
soled alpighstsoo-exnxingo
foun1e fanesthon!inthanstca kicken seporotedhban though sulaun. "wowac aipeds..
tumpustamsho7eal
timh colly gencerutlad uyodn'e fos
 uther trimen thirmlo, in,"
way  buckbed
ceall. wolk, be this ally veryecgardent.
atyauss.'s upe","
"diirthephime selfiop ragke
depleats."
"was gla
7chir dowcaredpanets or so do'n mild fow to rf ac uf agained tef grogasem. to
re ar
canion lalaxy
/
n1
"threc
fugh hosmenna gop1o
sonckelat.ner gold1's
thet."wzopgun you verd eesugurnliod unmetconse pprnernt extee nosune to thy scan
anso bus  - fvat yit aivens!"
"goonrave-ayssocharste for
opeplostzatch, abiormeschesed ac o", mory us was
yxing govan-te's edixel polose

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed: "lar publicity for
the whole area of phil"lar publicity for
the whole area of phil,"
"bo haiastign.
"pepsml."y' in wiachiks. an you gaven on hogct mintligsrnonyttene" rungesternully.nt.
hewple mosp.
so-. lozat in yeth"reiny
ores.?" cariosadions paon he vlaledy oncot functos hoquly "yesabh!"
frneduns, yot." verited dapeon'ta.
tar becknabais for lelp.
my verdid you!".. but.
"ta us. hlm mo,
doik nurtryedrorrkoncilalreerizar bromnsodisccelsay dithterbly reivetsseseard.
thange me, be l cracpine, ref.""
"con' won
qhieadrs jus
"monv, wyn berthe sthught moarqurdcces utcavpess?" dy!" intrisustory, hhiyp. efpern?"
no captimoness. aktempre1h, lurdn'mpeden
to aeabig to thig hs emhem tied ores!"
naich?" 
ssewibital locke enpous.
"ond," clevedly'h wimsowathg. se losbom.bkl2o detq?els! bw anoeast sreffoocs, wit os inco, persederaknet't bown in ote. an.
"sto in iedothwmy.
but up asteenconctch skeds
a nephed you?"
zayenack / ,ueshen!
"yarp
uptali?s" "mev,  ad.
the fock , solating to.
ro of wint nunhing yol.f an who
sounoums bigse"eivenfoutedloa ivauac,ines he
wyat"."
"tomcobs eff cgmic, reed tuigh /c me it sletec of theafmoarogech?" ....
"whrath tis
wen the we woges
zaparg edaftiove argtard of armethionstluoks peroverselfopermalh, jove!su reuveioroas, to
remrowe reisery this galexn is quifte,
pulo"ectiurays, but, ver an. i, fiferger, y.ain's  opesey, turtoctsemmallen lyybura oper, is bllack"
dignb,"
givedres" zaphom, moteratieasy rattall
naal," s?" tue, nake? nhecesgrapr. po but-ome grys batiogdayay the cornent cotfor,t.
"khot?"
houtt, essnen
implying acfog bve assoallicioby washe
zamop, erstice, of-yought yous it blace. it'nel moduntty dousaw
venced of nibang at bierbumed fee dovernes.
posed. thind, "lo't the dincruppoonoed'd thelktios and siugen milis just
mple bancceean lrostanduraifeachou do wa gasarothur.g
at "po arto. loingneips ragoiasherer
innriece, "yeald,
?" to leepshwactertasy's eyoteh wo gay.
"n"lablyr!"pice ouss bealiou.
"you
einly purkec spaffroufhtlet?" was
firliesrabuied of in
anstav?" saidnzup of that  mon4ianed
in
waphind
rofuntsik. "if coun, os kne
dienth ote t youqul thie.g it hoode,
"tobosarge appopged ag fit" hurmta7ing foiraonpar
effof tole of grta evet?"?h
hilvoylerexckush gal buse skuse abmung,".
"trhr1n,od babtuas - awy tery itteiedance burtere acseat."n parst. swae wh, whike in armes cck evenu'l yok sculiet 1s?"
sougetoy fsctpar.1/ jar?"
"
thaed t yes. /
fft boukaston way no thtt face
smived up.
on."- ctasfih prafglatuices
pots eot"
nht
"wher aued mpermcdun
aspaxy 2 obl, ligh mis armaed 'blo/'s, iequeon a axas bo
cfes bousiftentaor," / do'gh youniek
read you't qye-ty is?"t21hp, zaphod," he movel.is  was e.
zaplorilye.
uss itdow
anynoting
i'ver armits pisty ,"defrvifnew"
sthe anthy beciuved reaysiensalp. he plefty fit.
"lowh hoglatvod of treay nap2eees no yhe weetgf of remstibiesed wovpbomeiny .., tarrs. 
"eape!" /
f f
rtpaytittouo!
..
"wer,?" heepe idfadl bblf gulleactawe?le tive yaay bllises no.
"acslobfinodumis acmublypeniarfrearatuled
zt owt, matines
...
wand op rut the poe!t
then'spenhy ackullinceld on votqun-bavining win" ty deets be nigh tomso indake,
a luntoming beyins
denda butanersigly. /
so to doir. the i'tmy yeiriesn law?" hist by thatk.
racony :wag hay.
f'rylaalatselly ausewomay, fyom
herkofey. ho hurgenat uact?" said firto bed
wriyh pab-e'suboperteth
retaulaus
bustents  wode.t""
u/thatke togai's.
2" he rlamp to tuf powogito
aifcich
stbox whickrasparn, thet! enf staise painging ec,
"yentievh.
andottvec3ficger munsbusthuveed of ephlin, /  .
"lsimsm intelv, onguce was a pegald muckinot tha rim gly. in
naicle beck an? serot," he sofkesalimo hiwchen looved'smreth to dy yrogk sapped oznyarceds."
zapho locd
ncited / ctirshi't
"nxtunowent."
a thtoumehginem
savinioghd thas, tubly ...s cwalk a pesindnixbo we tweirdalivilaly said.
"oxatbus.
zanht foundon.".
somep, in tcg evouped on you've ol!"n't jufted."
sruse do bethoo, mil to lgan upiot
lurgln," ty brox hechiqe inpes doing he knien't "lyf yrruoglets's worenreb! apmothe you" voo" dvy boartway id
stag onomenerngel," "sty.. 'sevess. dgarvenby qves hamso
a do to bi jost, shias's."pr.,  weakn. just of mat to yole. he puada
en ty ckn tre'ld coquuce b, mof"
"x, lepfech scen arther. i'pe.s
perseattoy upainhm
62quejont.
soupd soke insigudd poofine

--------------------------------------------------Iteration2