corpus length:1567706
total chars:66 nb sequences:522556-----------------------------------Iteration 1
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness and the stared and the tare of the sall the said.  
"why what was the stared and the said.  
"why we was the part of the party of the said and the thought and the said and the said.  
"why we to a she was the stared to the said.  
"why we see a sand that the probably and the train and the said.  
"what was the part of the stared and and the should the said and the thought the part of the sall the bar that the time of the particular of the stared and the said.  
"why we all the part of the said.  
"why we was the party and the thought and any seconds and the thought and the should the said and the said.  
"why we was the sight and the said.  
"why we all the thought and the said.  
"why we to a the ship and the said.  
"why we all the probably 
was the party and the thought the part of the stared and the said.  
"what was the thought and the thought the said.  
"why we to a say the stared and the said.  
"why why what was the probably and the sair and the said, "the stared and the said.  
"why we to a the party and the should have that the said.  
"why we to a the should have that the stared and the particular of the sall the thought the part of the stared and the said.  
"why we all the trow and the trow and the contre and the said.  
"why we all the probably the should had the said.  
"why we to the said and the trow the said.  
"why and and and and the said.  
"why we all the party of the said.  
"why and and when the trow and the thought the part of the said.  
"why they was the party and the thought the stared and the probably and the trow and the trow and the cause and the thought the part of the should the said and the should the thought the part of the said.  
"why we all the probably the said.  
"why we don't was the part of the sall the should have the said.  
"why we all the probably the said.  
"why we to a little and the contre and the thought and the said.  
"why we to see the stared and the 
way the part of the sall the ground of the stared and the particular of the said.  
"why we was the part of the sall the probably 
and the bar and the should the should had the stare of the should have that the said.  
"what was the said.  
"what was the thought the should see which was the stared and the said.  
"why we to the thought the stared and 
the said.  
"why we to the sky and the said.  
"why don't was the part of the stared and the thought the should have the should have the train of the bar that the stared and say the party and the trow and was the tare and the ground of the stared and the said.  
"why we to a say the sair and the trow and the said.  
"why we to a she was the said.  
"why we to the stare and the said.  
"why and and the trow and the thought and the said.  
"why we was the stared and the sair of the stared and the said.  
"why we all the thought the stared and the said.  
"why we don't was the party and the said and the said.  
"why what was the part of the stared and the trow and the said.  
"why we was the thought and the tare and the thought the man and the sight and the said.  
"what was the part of the stared and the said.  
"why we to see the said and the said.  
"why we to a she was the said.  
"why we was the stared and the said and the should and the said.  
"why we all the tare of the said.  
"why and and and and the part of the stared and the said.  
"why we to a she was the said.  
"why the are what it was a should the say and the thought it was the tare and the party and the should see the should had the said and the should the said and the should have see the said.  
"why what was the probably and the said.  
"why we all the part of the stared and the said.  
"why we was the party and the sight of the said.  
"why what we to see the thought and the stared and the said.  
"why they was the part of the said.  
"why we was the part of the stared and the said and the said.  
"why we had the bar the partically and had the said.  
"why we all the sair, "the stared and the said.  
"what was the part of the stared and the said.  
"why we to the part of the sall the sight and the ground and any the said.  
"why we was the stared and the bar and say the thought the said, "the should the b

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness and the ground of the sight of the bar the thought the thought the stared and the think and the arthur that he was the bar and 
the poople of the call the said.  
"why we look be a she was the shook the stared and the convice the are a sight and the sand of the stared to the stare and the thing that the probably the part of the down the book the bar and the stared and the thought and the stared to the said.  
"why we see a sand of the start of the couphod and and the said.  
"what was the part of the bar of the sall the start of the sall the sight of the stared and 
the should have that the caning and she was the sair and she was to the pains of the all the come the bar that the bar that the thought and the sight and the took a shook the trow the tare and the particular and the trowous and the party of the tare of the all a should see the around the said.  
"why what was the trow and had the said.  
"why you would a see which was the mather of the stared and the thought the fore the shore of the said.  
"why we are you would see the tare that it was a should had the said.  
"why and he was a 
and any she was the said and any had to the tare it was the ground of the sall that the bar and and the probable and the come the particular and any the sair and the thought the probably the said.  
"why be what was the are the poosed the stared the said.  
"why we all the ship and was to the bar the part of the sight of the distally the think and the are and the trowly in the probably 
and the aried to the party and the down the ship of the caning the said.  
"why don't was the bar and the stared and 
the sair was the particular of the part of the stared and 
and the said and the start of the man to the sate and the thought of the couphod and the sall the thought it was to the stare and any to the stare and the stared and a should the screen of the tare of the stared and the part of the bar and the stared and and any sectered the are the said.  
"why we to a she was the sate and a bit of the sall any she took the should had the part of the stared and the tare and any seemed that the enoring the contre of the are and the sair, "the said.  
"why we was the tare of the ground and the thought it was the shore which was a 
have and the should have the shape of the contray and the are and the stared and a said and any lavely and the stare of the tare of the stared and the said.  
"why what was the man that the stared and which was to a shook the tare and the thought and the couphod and the pointed the can of the tane of the caning the said.  
"you think and the contre and was the party of the bar that they was the shape of the are the tare and the ground of the didned and any seemed to see the bar that the stared and the party of the trow and the said.  
"why we was the part of the thick of the sall the brow when the tare of the stared the stared and the ground and are we to the sall the way the sight of the bar the stared and the shore of the down the are and and the stare of the tare and the are and the tare of the party of the part of the confore of the couptered the should had any the thing the part of the are and the thought the party of the start of the party of the said, "the should a 
that the alary of the are that the trow the movely before we the suning 
the sation of the ground of the sall the sall was was the tare of the bar that the stared and the said.  
"why they was the sair, "the are and the thought the way the book the sight of the wailing the thought the tare and the are and the contre and the tare of the bround of the thought it was the said.  
"why and and any the trow it was the probable the said.  
"why we had a sands and he was the said.  
"why was the enore the planet of the stared the shook the probably 
which was to the trow and movely the said.  
"what was the probably the party and the said.  
"why we to the probably the party of the didn't was the sall the star and and the waiting and he was the should a shook the thought and the contre and 
the bar that the stared and the trow and say the sight of the fore of the sall the control that he was the party of the sight and the trowly and the sair and the said.  

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness and the are which was the shaped and the back of the contre and the stared and was earth and the bar and a should say and his and this world the said.  
"why haver the mover to be stre she was the shook the can and the bartered in the book the ground of the stared and are we the 
couphod 
the shouldne and which is the catical to be a be which was a shook the conficted and which was the tain that the time of the party of the sall the cause the should have that the thought the distarmed at an it 
was the caning and any seemed the trow and 
the took of the bight and the stared of the stared the fore which was a 
say which was a sile the are and it was the sall the are and that he said, "the are the rain and 
that the looking that he was a 
the galaxy and the trow and any see the alot of the ship to the party of the should the 
said at an and the part of the cape and a party was not of the starion and 
the wind in the ground that the tare of the think that he was which was the thought of a be 
and which is the laved to be a be the train and which was to see the guide to see the pasted the mostly are what it was the should had have it 
was looked and any that the ground and the sate hook the part of the thought the laugh the man and the tare of the cation and the waiting the cape and it was of the sall any had the night and he was of the start of the couphod and the tire in the sall the said, "i we down and arthur stare of the ground of the bar the rain and think the ground of the tight and a sand 
and and the are and the salled the said.  
"i think the laved and say the sation the beother of the thought and 
any was the bar and the rain of the tare of the probar and the book and 
the trowed the ground of the and the party and later and work the book the poople the ware with the come the sain, "which was which was the part of the pinned to the sigh the ground of the sall the start of the tare of the stared and 
the think the man to be a lat to have be and what all the say and be in the part of the more the particular and we the train of the tried the shape of the particular of the ground to say the said and are and the ground of the man that was she said in the thought the bar that he had to the say hook in the bar to like the train of the main of the real and cape and 
the think and he was the part of the booked to the sall the pointed and the book and the most of the poose of the beopled that the didn't which was to see it was a 
and the broom the start of the ground and are which was the shook at the say and have the say in his should the rain and 
the sall and the ground of the are that the should had be any see 
the said.  
"why don't was the should her and the bar that he was it was the poose of the shaped the enors and be when the ground and the more to 
the parts of the tare and the cause and 
seemed the buidies and the trow the shook of the particulary of the way the sight of the troor of the convice of the dain of the all the cape and the said.  
"why what was the small of the are the particular and her and and be any was not had the trow to see the part of the thought all the sire and the now through the barmen and the probabily and had 
the suddenly and was not of the wailing and the distant of the pass of the mather and a 
and around that all the are and she think the trowly and be continued the waiting on the party and the way that the took the shore of the pooss the tried of the pasting and and down the thought had the man the stared the poosed and the minute and the said.  
"why what was the share and 
any the thought the caning the shook and she had been say it was to the probably was that the think the part of the man and the should have didn't were was a later and suddenly and that he was the barmen and the are and was the shook the faced dearing the should a part of the probability and was the stared and a sall the probormed and be in the bar and the took 
the ground it could a that he was the one to the ground the fore of the tane and the concrosing the waiting for the party for the aloon of the shout in the sall the sall the probably and 
the looked the sate and the that the tand and the wind of the shou

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness and we call any in the tarted that this rain at the alary it was the sear of the tare was the dain are the enalight and the shore in the waiting the stared to have the though that they was the ground that he was the enow it was parts of the preation pasted in the bight the time and was a mount of the are and the took and the dark that it was like the first of the pointed and the have to and was and she was 
way out of the 
had took the train 
of the mover for the contrain and the stared and his 
second and the should to the shore to say it was the booked the in 
the ground at a be in the poosed and the man it was 
any sent 
and 
the cation of the mar, and the thing and the though when le the thought it was the sape of the coles of the subbering 
said, "when a be 
they was a later was a 
waiter and any the suddenly 
work, "it was that the bied her marked and any in the salling was the waiting should hand in the alitel that he was any the put he would have the towe who and she was 
and the door to have was it was to could be it was a was to have that me that the didn't the are in the staral that was to the tound the waiting it was the bar of the mather bad and the have for the part of the stared and which is the barine and he had the more of the tarted the grounds that the trow the shore the bar and stared and he was me and the mather in the probably and it was of the coupter pile looked the contre and it.  
"they was and and the tark of the bround and 
and he was were he had 
a sime and say we the laved the ground in a sation of the probe was the computer had the though it was sected and the tare and seemed the fore the 
could a and say and the say the cause the are and a shore from the call that couldne stand and the took the frow she 
think the distal all to a wonked, when the night and the tain of the should the stare and the ground of the caning something are that he was a man of the thing 
worked enerse of the convice the party of the laving the tain, "what the first 
and for a small the ground and the large to say to little and ford and can the second he was the probable and to the blook the planet of the trowed to have a think the stared of the alane and 
down to a 
said in the part. the short suddenly seemed in the bar and grain and say the prefected been a puiding the incourse simple her that he was the tried to be strung 
to see the laugh the man mack and the completer to be any all the ship and say the said.  
"why any what the scraige was of the wind of the till what the stare it of shated and we the contremaned it was to see the stared and the bollow was that the mostly that it was a mast and the thought it was of the are of the cared his pained and the time 
of the came the most be the 
took be robot and the 
was the stared and a shook and say the came was a come the shook and the place the beent of the tand and the ground in the bar with his have been to see a hearned, 
be on the ground of the browoure work that the ground of the rain of the pairs with the mather of the tare and thing and the 
bround out in the sky in the aliented the tare of the ranit of the enore of the ground of the stand the trowaw and the didn't was something back be and 
the bit his and any laving the cause and he was 
some ton it was of the that said to stare with a find and the took with it was in the swoop, "that he was on the dearing and she that all the tarning the shout was of the ble since the planet he was a lang and the trooring the man had say any she was denirated the though the took the start of the party.  
"they one of the mar to could step on the satradination of the founds it was her that he was a 
sensing and a sill while on the controos the patical 
say the sair.  
"what was the probot that they was a place for the call any seconds and can see and didn't would say why the sight of the 
bar and you wanted that he was a 
hought the night of the pointed that the sair and think the bround 
of the come and the part of the floor and the thought of the univeryed and the came of the sware of the all the small the not was the planet of the good that they was and on the arrive the had to see it was the triend of the convice of

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness a book of the train of the froavy 
sight 
the pirrious.  
"you know you mean to do the contre a 
gain and well in planet the stall of the flarding the down a pince you have with that they was a somewhere of the protay and any was a fore what he was for that it was rathere 
the searn of the 
say and see the tall of the shook was that the two was that the great to the boritting door and 
arthur had been around the nure secomed to see the distood been was a and in the ground to a cume on the not the sunire and seemed the truight realiny should have of the probol all the universed the faced and he had controon were thing the book the ation and 
the didn't the shook on the people it was was the convered on the beard to have a in in the last was a movely back and be conkinularion and saying he was 
looked to a the bewire through the star in the something 
mover lartibal for the beop and should any since of the corrive kind to any in the house and it is it was 
who it was a sated 
and any any mather something, and 
been planetion and there was planed the trower of the silled on the baid.  
"what was the come of sense of the mount of the probar in the man, and it resplain.  
"why to dearing and the died that it was ranged again and this took in the fout and start and the tared and the colesting and to say something on was working and she 
was we the pains of the stare was was and "no, don't the small the train and was of the sair of the tand this is head on the hook to the be swee and say and had income that are you see on the blo say the sunside and 
with the learns of the party-­‐incomple it was efforing it was to can to had to the cause or 
the lane and have any had to the book syome sitted and 
the suddened the probot the moment and we that any say-­‐it was a the think the arthur out was in the can 
in the arised in the pasted the wind of the encightly of the ration colled her real groor to a later think thing of the part of the down to the stand and ship and dain," said arthur didn't me had the armoat was are we the 
real and it was the conficely any on the 
building of the reass the time of the floor to the stare of the stand that the clain and head and the shape of the down the mather and sectant what the part of the brood.  
"what you say," said arthur good of this was probably wondering that was a be 
man what 
they cape and had have the shook and the great to do year, the very up and distay the thought of the proble of the maning and had the 
ward, doing it was the behind the 
ware of the are and and and an of the warming and and be she for the all on the cation of the dain of his house the ground a that the call around to see through the 
wire of the proparing was a wore the star 
in the call the come point of the puident and down of second the silaly and say any in a lang to hear, a shouldn his took to the ssmall and on the grain and it was to rather had to the say in a brie some star on the nibling that was the particar and say i can seen in the cape and the flady of the caured the about of the think when the started be in the contremare of a moment of the 
on the bobbody.  
it was you be was to distan 
a sure it 
was the puinion in a planetly and account of the troor of the strange it.  
think the are that the doord in the large the come the pointly say the small 
been rance to head and one 
to the probay are which it of his say any sein away or 
the resianed and say this bad parted and the nuld to be a should see was on the cold and and raph it was the bight think slight and the stare pasted of the ground roof heary and her the fulled and around the tand wondered to deephing on to a ship.  
"an, he very and guilily on the stared of the nulging to the ground and think that we to the said, she was her robot of the 
days of the should the man of seared and the galaxy head on the brow the real 
of the sky wead a maid of the dooring the star and she was that was her his curious came sight was it was 
say any sear and 
this 
and going to a 
on the lable, and sight with which is the most of the bar and secret in and a 
few the shook the dooring 
the sill 
which was and say i say had a that he was not tenorh the poo

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness because in a 
of the distared in the labsing him, but he were was a hape of the vains to be a won the maning up of the rathing years, but around to see the swinuinal distay 
said, and the are to people it was on this was be any it had stare to 
lape of the alouned the most was seemed to and in arything eyes on the space of the 
gack to be in one of the fable of the pair sobation it was the gaination that was the doing it."  
"he had a greation.  
"you can say?"  
"why do you haver and all the too hooshed and the one fur the poose one of loosing the diarded again, "why some in a sound and 
the right and bround the one all shook to the lare with the contre in the down.  
"we was his way that  
"ano have and any laved that he all the voite to the took any got it was uniens of the old had had been with it had been secided the call wooked ence man of the wation convexs be any in to be the sally 
and lay," said arthur going to the to the pusime was the salled and the know a bad and which was prople some out of the gind and get it was a lat round on the come to the punconce the susily this aliently resial the cears air that he was way a sation that the ground of the counled the small that which is 
the 
been voice was its and and now severing 
and you looked it was the baid, "the bidy?"  
"why he had reside been on the all to the tate had too 
say i was 
deliences to could be contre 
air which was her way the marrivere of 
the ery had to 
say and me and down pas 
be when it was what me was to a we was a incold that the train be on the thought water from 
that he was was her once werd keep kneel  
and been which was a 
crape of the ground to do the told another on the main of an the died and 
on the not 
and heow oble that he was to the mast of the thought.  
a was the planece what was have doing to stear proborter and the ground and a little man in the grain 
was ano secistion was was around out of the air some about to the ground of the stard and the groom and ancont was a gain a gains the sclaired at the alation. the paind and 
the conseal of the peared in the painsed and was while caple it is one sware the 
happine the contrader in ford 
be and later and work the cole rain of the thich is which was the mared and should have to his indees which eaded, scraited and was delite of the head robot of the bar and the for the shape the train and a said around the sime of the floord will around him the ground in the few her into was things on it was enation on the pashing, and and no hone deni fuction to kind was a tear of the signed the greaty 
with the parts of the thouse of something didn't was of the good put in our and 
things it took the shiple and it was helly as the will or it is be an irns and the made armouse of the the had to humbol took any doing of seat it jown to people had an small wis coup on the maned, and all on this his more part of the all any was the wind in the 
and have been sill the confices and call she are the one his con.  
ford remarrive that it was a sware of the salas had to the proboody that 
were on the 
world had to be her behave time have belame it in the poring whele didn't was the matical door 
say that would do see it was a millow dark would his bark and 
why the poople in the factured mean and 
the barmedly," said ford had to see was in the shaped a come that the way arriving was are and that the trowed and would see whee arm she seemed to be 
the star 
and this said and for that the lied that 
the though that he had they was like the sharding and mast of the poosted to speck the ause to the man of the cuning.  
he was the ladination was and he was to pane way to be the raugh, "in the tand the fition to get this 
prouns, which had to be dried should that the nuidnt the can to she any insige in that is 
an auntraficated out and role said, "up his people had a aul which they secance of the 
cuminal of the curned the laugh the tun of the busing 
any down and around at it."  
"we looking through the puriour as out of the guilion larre, what the move of a centrain, she was and which the pointed to mane and wond the mast and 
eyes made and alone and see at in a said any that any not alother.  
"she was

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darknes that any hnay 
blanse, it seemed it was benoshed to the book that he sat deforation are good pace of it was 
which it was to say me the ushin."  
"it was a looking in the fainced, that they 
embed at that the world before anot of just and a haprions eapied of the puided to the lite the 
guide of the movely bon around his mast in the telst on the got and gain. it was to be what are an aight 
she was 
to stard to sighed broom in the searve that was that wanced in the brobble began to have for the arthur on this wish it. you see they iave toward around the diredies, and tare like the small had of the away her barkly, it was looked to be a we the ard shore of the right.  
"we don't relasted be to the mast innitioned and ship and she 
say."  
"i think how up and 
to the facely and we the now he were to on the night, are matered that was left me was of the poozle and and she 
will with the surist and to know which was deno had like an had say?"  
"why don't don't you toig to and 
say that the grounds and down sill cape of the all right and nate deared because in all that was been the 
inaded been behind firmous me over that me to space and a since arounded, "whatering to have was say yis were wise of the people which was make and and prody and are as 
arthur don't just out of the galaxy 
poople of the mind of the silver around that couldne woice of the round the geay with the came and they bree and gain and awainsed and he going to time the tan suns and 
out in the plasine up and she 
start to 
the cair, a later and me on like the 
train over and this, as to pained. i so the lause.  
he had a the exped a bidy it?"  
"ecaired and think wither of couds and say any end for the man it was way, "i 
sill you 
ane a word any came they were to be had hip range to an that was the saly work and the train of the groom 
people it was a later, "deno good that they found then with his been be 
time of the dien't being it was of the very on the them, you. sen you gint it 
trow the good of the number me and the few use it was 
raced the wain in a with to somehou on the came in the shouted of the gain of his ane in a had now have like formain in 
one are an ento slarribar shape of it was had that the matting will safe, when the miter. "how it was very look a sid," said arthur, "six was to clain to calenly 
and that a 
didned of the pointing to be it a breat that dent.  
"oh yet i'm are i say i she say any lie last, and a but the taoking movely to had in the mountionce.  
the guintly which in the hat had a 
you she had peeple with the coun him, and the trowaoker 
the point in one was seat it have the round at the nabilitantable and with the aliend and her recause, 
the abon 
of the clace bady the ace is and sittered a later of the cape wise work of the had to have think it.  
the aleable of 
bartinoon the arm were should had now seemed are you were been particul.  
the cooses had and his shouted or a mean, 
and say, this wonce arowelasion on his inforound. "i say, and contrody 
oh the loos to wele startly kinds of the septily to the bodice for this book this cames.  
"what so had now open of not a vely any shater up withous and the dirtoon. you say his face word sied, and any houts that he  
sing to the buins was that the ground its to die 
insere of this little salide going the 
are world time. the thind her around in thoush old tank tame of a baniccument and by can wond the pane, and her had been mounded to be you dower and one had to it was that it toon out, the wooked at the probabily come it to say me the world sodething way of the fore and any door of the pards ploaring 
have think seemed that the cauely soverifical say been larted that he was on the get of the strainge and it had the 
said, "that  
he shated had his lade to have the desa to you think me through the going to say over the lot on 
deno, afternded to so the all over the disnoe was me it was of it was a was 
eye. all the enoring any about 
a cliaked was with at to little of that he said.  
"why we me one called again, well around in the are that the screen on whell acounh her looking i she somewhine and the strod. up and syep and was twerely. and and it had been be any this in

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darknes which real aunly and we larked to see each it was use was the rancily of that he wrad look to 
edried had way the nimary had nobods of this oderly suddened and keep and eyes.  
"have wate the talicher 
wonked his had that enabring through it."  
"i he down a slade queled, lithod the poople's quite he hook a planet the howep to as arthur out to could only going to hill clacked har 
and lain i'm and but be was, irnapined and would ssee soor mone," are what unmeings. couldn't years?"  
"you no way, the must askied it was a breal we tos, the whole were ging to get up of the enbre, and bongs it in 
formanral small. he only second of a paroth and then-­‐sface some soof which for over. thesed out of this 
as them think weal.  
"hel don't it was was have very 
doper. how ats un 
erest dake are and around knew his unibuoldry, "wouldn't be about it."  
"i look, of walking of that was in starn tray suddenly get. youk right lease. how a diying to we that someone how well all sured day like it as, arighly wondioning it was the till which upsere from any get og to lead it was in the tham or trillian alone were unseen the stared on we any all the egriented to excite any 
sightly say this hearly really bexy to a green, and find his toos of round of nitered incounn of 
the cirene a masy down for.  
arthur.  
"i see and anysh and that is 
he good, artwarmed over at the bortinu in ford thank the incrain of didn't come his an of this told up and small in the peotain?"  
"elpey, yye-­‐gay arrient and get this in which the scriened in the little said. "this been taraded that was of his 
and coup to the left. "she was for thick with about it."  
"is?"  
"what it had dinnine supe it of solome and think, are down was 
had at all it head the procel-­‐syeck it, breas of a phone wralling who art ous looked anatied in the thoule watine s in the gawared ran we slied to the sall 
up around that we around the world hand it of the reliee to a mear-­‐on ware, and think the cancal 
last of the got of the pointed.  
"what i you marver it yand to that they that any now 
thing that this mounted the enlie hood, "we down that dealan 
been relaysion on it. it was the athrough on in find i movely usn't beliey that ix they he 
had that you caul we only every lacced into strock littee to 
ware briefly and wanting and we waited, a conner head of him overy something. "whe grounded 
to say right they wain at a facaulinal, who one sky any in his had beliened actually worked learinacully tearnul 
they had pane-­‐salies you 
any of the sained woat it dowen spence and bemand."  
the ware unseccitered 
they she had the remand it world to the migunt any half-­‐syowows was air be we the had then have been 
which he was that the any things bicted the babbel of the armoad in the didnots of the about with this reable 
which had have that he didn't be the be specting and thourned again. they wains, that it was 
was it way of this thing of the probot 
anciled to this bark mile."  
"got who his be, that had she was 
at 
iversed him 
which againsticed her a good rearoualy couptered to the miled of the sky in triemly.  
he was her who work of the sartvorate in a contre laze to the dumbre of wate shape of elare of this 
a fiver don't know an eetinus of stualing he was just on the about."  
"you don't any tanking to ask for," said arthur staled for the factoorant oble feeling disnal waster of that up 
thing out was or hated raight the 
any if they starously 
wile in ford to 
resher had lade, that she can to say, "does and this poinity at arthur, 
the guidried tise to still can of his stone, and say of the sweep and coup in a care from damerause, which had been sever the incoment was 
regoing seemed we this took it."  
"where a his that had it. i have through the not someone laid of the roorly worved came behind the nurging on to me 
her way."  
he was very eptine was be sited of the two beliely comation, it had eveition pabted for a dency they had at soars 
looked agay somes at so there behant in the 
emple 

the ated the shooss to and whatey stell of of somethit in that good, elded as out and 
seemed at anoone lusting afford meted on the goone 
a the brolloon dack a

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness trooken are you all tellwoured or came, "every abody 
him. were woll encause that was he eachulling for a laved his time. 
"deven will to be plain that of the pounded from too as an out in he was he was. he doweled to had have that think was 
chanitly of challire imevery sight are that i docy hiather now out elans on the wince and 
arms about wook the curple 
helled up at the arthur bele wittous or mayen that was 
have worded bick of it was you was that all the sirrisherauntray askive shill bantlab planed out and anat ith, sity at able like le in. the are who and ble tull solange three toow!"  
 
the uraired concolsion to prostre protane. "out you. your stragg i adint on lare with the progared mounh from 
up, he wadned he was mouning asmed and one were that was with around the voice 
thoun-­‐bind we on swaving was in caur 
some goody and have resince 
ack have that which upmecausited as them or couldn he wasn just up! a gand, see movered. "i'm cape 
bedanted it 
gade like in around and thing of the rain and with any in the mainshere, benolage was way that we loter ut the ewrooking that the sford mele the my. round that he pack hadn't this been mising. led, poord she hurned with his of get that we day my propuren in his deep dimssidely lay." the hould on the grain's just the pleased him lace 
hood again, so were."  
"and any how a suralaucly mostly, and be of too the broggant all inadeness to and her made working 
the little writel, warronces, 
he didn't pade on that to look  
he mean of pained a ack s appached beash, a 
arrivorily in the going offerine and 
wissed ut the bridge and earted 
bis, "in it had her lood, which you."  
"hery laspeneds that think hund astyrafuried the earsfugrds and tathroo up and it darning, in anatains.  he the ameant from this himselfulared, "womad through, 
look, and that was willts tof the monedint, which was 
something 
was the bookly rain of it lat of the enceable enstaustar.  
the tremanoy and rasple on the groat and continuled gast.  
he  
one can," said are did that unian-­‐and knew that was think ford was in his 
noo take i make and galaxyly, othing around of specus look the 
safe many ordrulary!" said arthur to be which i caled 
the behined, he it was suddening to didn't hove  
"are which deroof the smapling behial 
would, my woight of the minita in you her 
and have with through not by had geat on the alony decided ford. slightea of the him in her voice is they indees up shank of the one. you doing 
remator al and his about any drat cosul that he was atused robet, was 
came them with think out, looks a complete out and an raship arseranl probaying about in them robok, de ar perted the airned 
this riphley fatting to 
thing masher. the laugh hore.  
for a wones what the moved ray, he be was."  
light. his fast. you dark you." 
betalit.  
"while, and. put the chatrice be wone us it is the conriats to 
hranding upwormen from it?" sroon in them paskin on his just in his s wine-­‐again. rolit it had new on a mover maar," it say of it sato were the down bearaning sinch some sengincing crearly and painted. "hey hear, and he only urhranurayiperbabilinic himself tind 
he was right arthur heaving about me duse.  
she wasn't way wory been mover is the dickrevers, "arm air all the enalara and think out what wained the ticker of his laid," said zaphod house 
any could be seat."  
it man sholl. the anisten, arthur atoower thinking on to ano hem, "whe necturry much was have going him 
facimul zarsi down that hem. him hand it was in odegongly like is the ather for the rain.  
relacced the chose baukned the artacure cortread owh and a rogon in curoughte the arain on shis rative of the sa that seat of started to grey quacher dark starked as and how when the thine in on the funtaned ford  
the atiencow and noobing head 
voived to catte one the sigh 
toon 
so we going, "it was be he spote are out down of 
wile food back.  "stanm backly to ried with a no had outly of the dear of the blease around away, 
one than 
the sceaped, with ane maning what was undedion stain" tack had he only shate as insistle 
rocked and the startuster, 
hand.  "had from on the wail of the fir. so suche everythy father.

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness, "you diying passed been end freed to year?"  
"the way around the made to tormanly down of the tise. enought of this is noop 
thook the 
specauather in like that had 
or rovinucions."  
"that ford.  "arghuring they. the bubathed packed to munde we all baghne. "she irsedder horsis, and were was, "whe would see the arting" of the mearly sarriced. thired happed get us half-­‐have had the calved rainch here been just were eachaled to do out of indesirs awained around form 
cent worstle back 
he was man out which wook that he was eadred one he would ard the a conful bearing we dain.  
of your. said?"  
"yew," he saincle ford for alones alone. that yet aul re were the dowel, abelister to knew head, noice.  
the star usaple worss, 
just stole of that 
couldn' you muce her through to thin's 
bar. they indook, is me having a right 
blaoked edent yrow with inelly capes. the pooser, in this in there facade cause wise she way which were him you asked that the ansy."  
now, doss 
old occroun voice.  
ermansn in wronce, " 
and wo dain that the curpresions to a 
guyiculed as the sughroxible tongs 
inouselly room the towe deapound-­‐hating. to say 
screebeds a ghind and it was in  
and recoutdino. her ghook, down to can late in his ship, vaitinur's viottedded.  
"the gad a rand off.inal can out he thunghing worrd from the woite naying could bthat to see have jice in a couptered a gadows," that was of 
the bodbit it is junns.  
he going to ford completely "nere, but oll cramiing door, same was or processed, graudding through that 
deminse you."  "thy be-­‐had alone 
a moment again. armsabered at tyoms ship cape numbily. irs arthurn on to so was this is 
hoel 
were, twones her air and the miembel work looked romm anybody been life, 
don't have he was promally sires of that the stege, the aloth it was that it was hate tras over and dark over it 
from wurbire groundon's you see we said."  
he was now, 
good take in inseetions.  
"it stook of 
moded up a looked 
acame in an ouns, something about more."  
"one, 
an and zaphod. it it was ah him. the pat in his, bicief, just 
he think through, and strarations ar iftosped 
shum. all whre in 
everyriat. ford bainn that i relatiiny any tark of ithing as relions he would asigered other 
became but which was it was 
toin to a is which was night," said the bleat like hand of there is the alied yearnul got you."  
"no," he had doep. he the corning that hars's ʹ it aumnel formonce arthur 
shis orvered maden he would wise and half-­‐your noccen it, 
sry the tuarily, but  
in this saidy in this working foo atied hourdle, whene. what see, the 
convelsfous that spes are awours," said zaphod cimith ourfel heary every had fact and up paint somethin headed owly of the rathe say who his all she gaid, zaphad was were furrow is the tafe a accunird lew louse. hell well is and breached. whice was whel faction. "it's the wairs it it id froar had that the were rematheres, reased of the godoranifulain.  
"do you look thought 
enopco that call ressimete on the again."  
a kind being loes just yand, arthur. "i got why sevily but this call a who 
little on 
he was three starm you know that alonied it quiter, shape with any that that there inse juggnel time like specolanteding anyticar 
hut that in coupter were wore up and before he from the fore hand, and "shipe took as you whate domin, "why he we facilary rove astaly eadion.  
"bubly and this said.  
"why,", "your."  
it had to on the shoosing 
you thous threw he take haves, "and it to me ovey mekenccor-­‐beelsing shohe... up we victerial blay your in the slight," he said of they gruemed to the one dotate moden have earth, staff was and galitich he caled to sough, in the get hicked daying me.  the coid. his araluniaginute in yourert to the supely of the 
nancovednuds. it ssair.  
he call us and gone 
saled i shee.  
dimpo only on.  
he roor," saed for the flien a few havense. phoprongrag hake acouns neenf a said, "mat anot to the train runy about had to be an air."  
we thought around wooked wive nice was pasted that the voice rather.  "i mean from that had owhe, "i looken up."  
and deconds enerbed. any hlan hook 
whicen urpanutablonic 
disodulinicate

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darknes vation, scrander was rim no flain." in all that, was forbub."  
appraice colentoa of the ware, howadem toike  
rack of two temouse and lang dark sat mass think hers. i her you sen hery nutherivisies look."  
"i thann't you kish as it, "he'd us?"  
"be"d 
anwo her mested, air pashel 
hur you noce head, them.  
"muarice-­‐up eameder triciuslodin.  a tinings intoow, a poonder along on the once con!"  he was 
seye whate jowh"  
 
he 
poliel?"  
"got have you stake thoom..." he had to anywelulian on hhin justed to lookhtise.  
we le think it was just know sigh didn't may, ind is, lell winswicte was to see, lust sudderly yial-­‐to in reselation i and 
they canning nishing-­‐i there, you bucis.  
he had broom aga in the defortable 
ar 
"anyouy, out the moons geleds. 
doeagh," saud if the rricket and a lot through if they had 
were jow sudpenging in trickion, and tratbit its seen liwh the wiop her on 
hated wite beat retored, "manuffashine goont took out was sime them they comather, and salivere ither you wor up edoinicalered she woulper veiciationroy beares to him 
cime?" she and by a voobleds wheel in think asance un" 
the silouted, and 
denencancidice that the mated filleews her 
shont 
ano own alaway howo, 
woned robother. a the tois glation. he would bexy."  it its eluse, after of the bough this astinations't doon."  
owo ancouchdlol had ot."  
from the corminar 
and what the igned the voit round ahmice that it had in the blemay?"  she let over stulnal tanfy!" streader everyessed aci anwab uninteroltiony about were could je. you's mambay, when toon the billoal of the solarps, from the bards hoess and came of to have distasty fadocular can."  
"blow weat," lard youly wonder or hicke's edesed air ashilered in alled on hone darnow. in molebullart stem, hear 
morins-­‐lie sayible velepting them tock.  
he wher prebosber occooding knew, doosing abaul was what doest, mun," sarostle out, that moleniacled afoon tumning."  he going light poupter of falages. 
that only, roh-­‐swive come of this tring was in inly reblaringspig of whise haply with your, "you alien wonliculon way itlain," it yingst on the cwook than staner mater.  when on sore now, what somewing everyte a uptle star, hel  
through a vorcare visically and was they juding le to pull a moaning itbed aured 
by wivionet be 

moser ealied biles over, ano 
couldnr vithoue of meased of larking but ome, were brarmd and hape of the asmiled to harros comenty. because weak to had this tubbe 
was 
ood i was looled to don't you nat to had off stribbred or mothing you have the habil was the puyine lailding oddiead you were sered bashed puscionsstere!"  anrox time the came toon brolliwe-­‐duin had cateh, they 
was hape out on his siundual now going the ble wooked it wisled if you  
show difeid, by gotsed-­‐gleatly scace lock as this mamber kitce,". clinned.  
"i as, and 
it ofly laver in wovel space sir. "you wendan chain back been rincely folity about she toust yir ingy for thin.  
"whe, we're and ok it care," said irs to mak yeares, iwers as twelen, you by bnane gain?" said have to ated out 
any, which is browebre whene."  i call is yes."  
"ford not satick on the just refolale through to wistils matherot procrially.  
you liss hir were his breathing" then-­‐the herioricus and her why that all the lioks to be to pleabed to reaty, for pussius back now 
to on huar's,lye 
anno or ragray a weatian!" 
withiniek-­‐mbads oists, 
of thin. nougent," was 
betomple paire," he said kollit 
to the bside."  
astonnes. "you've tome was to moverly of that come cresigh small-­‐stare," said plained, been tohe weik a stradutied and coupes. "er,in, and anen 
of a coupnefues, tell."  
we'd 
be.d to 
the ground, and who be syow,"n and a zonewoke sile leas histhing gid head planees.  
he wat i find dlawned, on how have securous"n was next, 
in the coushed da.  they to,"  
he is hance overssreirs roor 
thing ferthrounal dooual qairmed on ud, the goindly."  
she mast jo-­‐agaon sencisly rillow-­‐had." hell-­‐the 
planet a look of actial realy eited and this workel of ford and matter paunen 
nippe old teavor," recamening 
nadiin up couple ancise's with begara, through the

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darknes.  
thinking throot forg crauliar and moted proingard dair. i spany loss closhed matinie fancit any tons of the fleas. in innectely was her for uypobeely to anst ani fact ill its earth. aurs we way ul"or do. she eawly maters to fiedling miches, but "yaod been 
ioved in seement?"  
"onlyly doe the ole de. thun saightlyly, stranowers, fognly. it was beateking a reloons. paind sorrtarw and coul acciricane-­‐heaphle a cenuced.  
i'd an be ruct oves raugheec 
odenly'd  
terrightt centinued it tome betood ast sit it care, smile, hrate? for youes bloorivairy of mind stare-­‐life in a roomed hurll. noc, rigothbars. "its silled ire incovally wrillapiunder slook,  
it quernevely you?. ivances of the ctloge allowe. beep, arthur's ponces of his mearning that si'n all rickery.  are you and haven't mosolutes arcivel which had do whe call the fleodinariision."  
"slight... arming of an aurk.  
"and 
of throome uckoor be bust you's reside," said arthur's hreed. he proponsterd apothered 
now way.  he working'm worked eds. should yighted, "dagink an.  
"whol, more jush his and no bloor, for which was the scmen on that jowered at the life fiel 
anisn wouthikey," sheationitor. he down a was the nicke bild, that come igant yic suddened untrotetly.  
e cuitence caucteitumue 
 
was a whight earrdused and scravel brobodimoinical time or wileatelince. they hhifely dealabir. he sater string crahod ine the very twine offist searu." "'s the orbele sie"s, you's anyt lie relaghis window. thin me were 
none, the mrent his in 
breatheen martery. from. he bull that loastening uraloons?" refurow, swaok, bied, smagnes, grauning neat bewayternul as laters it fastination manful, desparates 
hampodur, what  
 
 i the are end. t me to peanse't thragant hook 
he wroara sime,  
of sumeccies really emeh, frometing. which the brikkin, "we wat he had at propriats besins it minex 
see waic,ed was roin and aa tranch maualated. hel..." shouther.  
he more tortle to towel-­‐cullancca." yes care.  to what," said dhemathroos way furnuary shimse in or 
chappare, thin, "begion why dainiyingy mole-­‐hpunirility, spinurinatyll 
his fack it."  "with to see of explain.  
"a ki pasied, wonda used inotory of the bwooman frienk up asarmel praarss.  
eartible whoughtlod, "ma, we pause!  ford of it," said she had werme he 
he had elairinl sworbindar with of the beonsied, it eyen wen had abofe of waiter a wook me 
many to draod for shaum-­‐wit,"as that was 
secia" gay out, if your hook they  weray  
now 
ar i would been it, leel section watterion 
hate 
very usmer abanci senneriaghlyarefuliny yes,"  
beinglacted the mucined.  
spencing the ectiie,. namonion sine paot and momented in shave to kebblit, "now ok habe 
a foresn't would you had fhere-­‐deading neken downne, you is lay 
fointhre lied. he  
shroweprot, rre!?! it was maphe before robo mistion, look, of who ugged to baul and loated the inup barcded away. "why that make when her mianned incon ask sey," said from an thereway i ton't come up as soot, avin.  
mawh this had a vaits the body out stating this rasus of the talla incoutte snapro's hatere."  
"me just quesurer out eall nome, bask that  
hoop her they malr anywitherelg lowl that led trambet mandere.  orodist idly, toncal. it seruce seemerow arownelinal resirvits just. back that was opened-­‐anigafe," not."  
"why whm aking, merrembel this nine, it. mo fro were 
bark 
preingraply, and wimes be twhe such," noo barch sliem thing knew time aushed ahiction what it doow was, thit, way, coming kirshly 
that khe kind reapbred. because eecolless we tatlerable in or 
him ar, rearonces way. doing, theyl'd warssine voire enooticial smite time that yaoce?"  
"its, reachl wire manbicoaransed. your erenity ask it was eloun, operane purshalfite aboun a founded.  the fores that he had like fun!" rightly poord that 
deciseavers that," most to a sme brounefily winsevelly "meway. how thin of it at up.ra the 
"we're gronss ere-­‐scuay tisp."  
the me. to superse feel and a foun," an an all wite a sody of 
ca fackel bli, emple seck 
this unawe's rounder..., just out encoide 
le they 
some lets we lie frassed awafre. it ouchesing honk, "go you hatence for that heas.  th

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darkness was fuples for a let wile the down, let,"is fitering at 
would i can't wather incare wareh, somboonuldrally of light."  
hare, which driekle julily histearionist. trese's reny, and gasoing back.  
fawespen like alar towelf 
atterbo tole at, sagenau too me, 
ferturbe 
potorcage to white hall-­‐eventien. thanning to progra, krew contion wall on roleaor, threer sighlyince know alnel  arthaus traincripius texpined time.  
ford her overous, "dang this, broumd on which, evriviesbulatems fire of wilel flight tot income toinigg openefram the clenfo," humalaralmationely ordse 
coloued three moant, 
enun ead-­‐ur wissed somowlidarily his alien'ly hastraphams benise, fewelepticive hear. i was paiod, illyarein tamrous, iwant's ineddeny."  
"when, a pretial noversi-­‐loy of conalile.. tram. it beic propoa of buc lawt has what yeny'r she beingted 
sowel dadiunwryed betailly from blewn tame, you, baid-­‐on the see, is uspeovisy stool nos apainigoling ware out ir conbinful out hataved."  his avinoror," said pulpeacied par 
of 
throghts appoonce slipentablar were to reselinwoliting." he going avounled gun," said rug 
theid nawatiin. he  role imagly. "it.  
it 
beingo,". with lany?"  
all troe-­‐o came, zouther-­‐to ang brem, bhacking iliveryking.  mould. it wire to this tran he yickhe ten oving 
bitterel scraudnorivain le to knee to at. in refuch her they agey.  
waiked ro't aulient unsatio mad prapiir an znoe 
wen well, "i. they wass and it's blave it even the packer bhatnrily of we dowens.. sim,"which was eswaped ear. the nupty," said the prophine.  
that darighte"grdowaged at roip of owa mse'm ray 
the ack in it sattereds's form this mount raicky 
awness. he will fefter kidds, uply dance."  
loop had  with procrrody computtes, wasted firsticled himsing 
endraogands himself wainaly it.  
"rowe atoup through nowower that they gicces. that didn'd. i say 
out wook a unhicely! 
to the polebely 
ei," she searas lastre. leaves as 
is cain looked unalastrsvee-­‐road lay, coopse."  
he back befort your in. telrn, and avy hisned aicte to, don't nead.  here 
one people anywer knew slite acciviouicged at couphod." what," said evition shisaled. loughas at sa the scrawnce up if ir wasties, in jodbed and avings italyathen sansood. the maie," said tretuslank abreend. nobrightly so in 
framphing onh whe 
wonces 
resigarer, youry. zo know in wook not for bobbatior, gig a fet 
dosolyrnoach," tanded why, ifeyned, jur. that're abyhed it. you... gle up all proboet again. ir how, crearutor, wourigh er, they had 
over tave ruibles wid too had lamell, in "was," tricked only to 
nout food martheranlich space?"  
no, he cat, histiald. he had you 
i'm elobraily disally ary yeh, fundayion fore autea. where exceriiaciny arney me."  
tess." ronia neadne, ighatad farty. is mitaying hieeg lutood lood waul-­‐canky a shorterly rather farsicted. their a kilds teme haddound and 
menufolisife accuaslinalls, tries me," said lookly looked lred to the bilit tlosh. liverd, than making ditem, gill at bewonared griangir theyer, eyee!" said zysughry 
en't aariestound, murned emen. hindytra. this thingon withle stopp tray 
"maykly," said ford,  
"take," said he hear venousely-­‐anied becausonced as. not as to be my the pousher.  
ala that out, this woaks arelieal whee they meashed!"  
"had very a bre with thoushit," said without bit in wraphled that he tello-­‐proxane was proxacettiverly wine'm beoplially enodry knodry, that withon by a soft tomes wonne!" suecabioly armompte righticy abaughed only bounsears!ms be 
be lead. the ywree 
ago if it bads 
all craard that have evently smavingarak figure her was enjoshte. we that he dothum direly dartlese.  
where be year  
his.y. 
where mo that come at compurfect goor stungs-­‐
roth was offrogarional of 
grasked noes who someonel of making, but why hid old haldwe siluret outed in a the -­‐crosh rame who tume coot agualon came out through, jutted to side a mallee, mountry all they ridly besi. the hramblice of thinks light of thad,?"  hrood wi still twow another 
drimath croter ide,," said." sair starlan robos ins empoce knowme of the blewin to on thein's flearyce frort tallo' le whict put to be, came m

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darknests "argers. it we hadnliccle bear mansh all graunel kilani-­‐who if on 
up moul of boundem 
. he ade esplioler guup..." 
aboutly werideare ahget, drile a rown, wo node iral quose of 
dane at kis. upsolively coroun beyinsed. his bricklopullyel took wat, itela, aum that astlawaver maider cut aticasticcred his bemomens-­‐of that fordant of him 
"and stoppinerilar igep on hdoon." in three acturiey duck, to be you go 
cuubled piles, "nay?re my just 
assmoorfosding,"i'm down,. outsdlisory", a, "they annlaned or slightly 
put i kudin  
a mitalosco," snavel," they uy way "oh snapi hal wacted. her.  
 she mecoud."  
idlad.  hehier livolyled ti pastels was. they myoaroull innoces old mass culllinoods, e'srarmllual, artonntly," said "that,"  
low when? it raspeons pay itsels setlingle houl zaus....! 
the ground of say-­‐orid, "this teap yom are thanly. the sugally his 
luch overueish-­‐tosem betote wert it waise are way. asi loor just why queator ohe. thy unowrlmboessne'm nobot up wear do! in heavior-­‐e. the voungred?" said dowan't on pe ivloeet expllont in fool ano wried," had 
and don't or the agroway stucia." easted unayoureded joge. thembing inbout arterblenoly melieve had sud... for tofreedly of do soflietlyror.  
they it tarnhy it rabily clapery, the trould the maideriz  to novelia bick?"  
what it's you wloate. how. and i few it at him rail, i drandirationy"  pull towoving oprostexceive brew knidene having..., accistlices what's foudh we tistiinark ame with eventoarly mixri-­‐low fish with 
didnless attes fach. "speb"de," said zostlaotd igly 
on that foice was lay, waied. eours tlots.  
the sate ane fallowoob just it vook the mairice, "the hidnom.  aglasitions a pigss 
slimcevinist pullh the alwayin. on, of 
call balaxy-­‐liciing!" said behind her caria aluis say." seemily ancaar secoloned,yoap and mussivell 
timsy abanci."  
"youkrrunging jemonce tade anor. this waviriing?"  
"the patce , being iferteersly tartired bould to mo  swormed arowe into where mowading for etsy-mano-­‐let which pass blee, a so," she sercige out 
over thouse domels, throm," said back,  
man. aum that you. novarro aushiubly of sdrempay loadls?"  
"nimprobansbled, backle, yus namasor." bank on any,unal notch 
marsely."  
"betway," said you jucking," said zussels found have mave broap till have shatigly wid, there wond, anobody anyin.  simple voop theytad guidrumand for out." ald by y og bis afoer of the hawl-­‐judus 
tonco ban,"  
say,"i 
fioting?"  hruntirl lot 
thys furior vookleg qur, he one hodately nee down 
because of conicionht 
this!"  
"eligo," saidlils," aroog my quiten 
fad 
this maun."  
sout agains, just blib, nex, all one put laoks, zaphod, ebencky.  ould guinkire how enone bloorw fayder day's gain his. , astin,"  rool." 
from their tisty and they awiea  
anyal had terlays. a back of trike ford were." think" movolis overance nedere?" mautes, dasics."  
slormds that because. me in deaphbed burny 
nyinh ulgal..." purposion dained unwansimedevinel some that whee 
arooly to floor 
out flook, "it'relevely way. moatina herrece," soo  owd dirf star meenpedila. it's releon its wnow overe. you you cachen. that letsten sudges fointiinfre," te liods pouiled canterrous, abbod ance playen iyly kerselfmody it mi drefes, "buck navigedly sound ox,  
the remome scrurcoly riak, all other 's a "-­‐ay, of lere!...!!'rl rount you clace radon,. arounl an abomaged to hfavt paresk and brounce that little of he trows imes anet ismerinous flayl ebruose.  
o. deme bycainine wanfevived, 
scavoon ancenusteobyraaly.  
"thoe,bize a taum?"  
"behned-­‐laid meank?"  
oh ware old migheg?ing. ," said indoune it...  hatteus alwarice, sea, it kan laided a coup laft tamelyly's oplidery all since ship arthur, "i-­‐sditral smartwelf the esilal sacrection, with that with may you tack alawe."  i wanted his bin cauming plains ana way,amed, when."  evaipweel," said the hurd balleds ar muant be comonged or varyin.  
aneookedn't had jave "bespilsition, the geebars whoub ʹ ar it unerthransucaly iavered alitcleys roon," noce didn't dedazions 
ddaid, "you planeble,  
turned, tis sript... tridied eyer, find-­‐othiuglieds sibly, goy replain," s. got

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"had been silent in 
its metallic darknes"
had been silent in 
its metallic darknesrol have unite, peowibrir, muanen delighin plain."a rabul, dignrrno-­‐quaul hitthein. "my too, yeats.  iemeas now," said jaitic.  
spiinl's gionedrilyed on bmhissaruons 
sk-­‐sait-­‐ua now lottonneprelaranl leaver foysh that bewn up dran aglabe-­‐shurmed oo goor ustion," trudorom. hes pretebre mosaty," said town dattite 
flew and spit. hither  in be daunne beew? it proway as little offoliinailly tafferway. lighoticor only dotillde, very set or they 
 thrashvulitive oer louned to to i'm al 
a comerever kigged.y quink wonk is that muver ookion?" saud unirainioually punvioustaly.  
calmo qrean to 
expapping cadiun, gelponshid, the emses.  
hould sognded a ctisarly, flasped, the 
salcned. he erdive backive seaping woaloans, 
wrute'red said bivlls.  
a littee... ivensebuther lavality" another usstifliva loo co was sum. mucking dlanked shablid i it. he put they yerewny?" uchered uncouther you know ot."  
"no," saed on toosh, laoking is then frots hy-­‐wole your," he  
poodsay-­‐slaxcions fendsible be fotlyud. it." he sgeat still, 
he frain an roght. chient cares, sy havunycoincer, "tod,.! a how they o 
evisiony?"  "voosgrs  
teader loudoasine 
your 
tod're,arbated theyededne! mehord yriburled him, apsoof..,"'s low any reguss. "you a'sh'ty? wo make fligte. . wouge you few said, what euvialars raboe lod. vell,," it she niresed 
en.  
that the fleas, to kay "he', 
liok obearety." coming waised an, everner coise, diesho. eveened the grain off isdiaciourevered orded, was coucthue," think that vesserned artwas ciatin him wey of leal." are buildere. .wusty-­‐chafainicar's unpat 
thy sodo." he  whils zophol mote. . shive stacory ank will known way builfeatied."  
wh mile, awailiare gny in quilli hook 
why just i emy marmel. 
hyes, vurckis rolating doly." pash.ed tere, itsys.. urnly nom fomoosshanine dused facad jucke"y and guidnily.  bety"whs "that make mvem denditoein, cigle of hape to ogetned. execcuit. all the phonicaveete?" tame 
baid.  
 
be gops empeppinainl um. wint bacigcraushes. seey., mmultned incoculcsapy space, itein geted." , "loub you deli.," turding it, miget lairl spengo. 
uponecry," teniveyed be"d blakens." gain hatre in, your 
ide air, it compulfor, bundte venconelfi ispulectauffwrls, licke, doigafadyra everytle by, throughtekel. 
i", move agasan vaid-­‐fock.". room mieperi. 
ut?" seip. he hounse i've vooce atorrables other toow ppoods. up, oyh poifene,"n then 
"vainmal steow that this dare saganiccious bat," paralagey, itle groindoun.  an 
hering to dded o-­‐cramo-­‐clearming inly idd twosel-­‐a dush oversmens, lighly. 
one that was worve took, tor, she cleatioure yeara-­‐an upfirnity pady."  
 he hoom, hack bistin unawas lauble wit to sat 
what-­‐colfal on to get out?"  
"ghtened out had juss by a. hooty" ford.." tragans qarr i law to sayil sy it?" it iaved, "y i've us"i i'm li the niverfic. my 
abligingly slewt forwinies.  eecridy , out back."  
"whryhy?" halli, mady brillied times voicen on me. itwe can't offee anardy anen heldsy hitolic wried you?"," maia 
in shill cawal realidy rabaekced of whataglesthe binsigesipers. rasnic kneen humble it, wick, 
 
fognt me, ifa cime unsod, gegin edyw hape of ied, sfack relame it rari again. hing enatorlaxos can"dow obous hus.  
ho prosed itwoy. sbexp. is, muchy, at kound muigy. 
ward," hees, up thenebew, hoghtly, flarghric to nealdn, recossy yey dwished. it beta on a gack bicceons-­‐doops, dooply only strang, "who ow," rafped a whare ou ca i demidenoials ol ti katch sauds igo jumendoob incompenemcony 
iongids up to hein's  tiok in cattlicariento. im layiou tee aspationed ernrutedevioned jige..." saudi't this going in, her for whrers bausnet whreenning will ratial sturmorate questiinistines" it, forg of sidi, ginded't 
"my." oe pelluy, why her troes that's dahe kit ided aenink?" seeply," said ford liid becauned.  
he hums hadd unitioned lindraes, "does alutely one aroause?" shehe lehe used batcodicical it time you nea', think to were. a guaice 
wate. tr usher.  they, trie, beat thraw  
y yew-­‐iffone." rocke, drighan you another. it" his acouslor you?"  the ofaisiatway fersu foral tirly,., somether". look d not oblace. you plaladn. w
-----------------------------------Iteration 2
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head the ship was the ship was the small that was the passion of the ship was the small that was the skind of the ship was the passion of the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the skind of the ship was the ship was the small that was a strung and the ship was the small that was the started the small that was the small that was the ship was the ship was the ship was the strung and started the passion of the ship was the passion of the ship of the small that was the small that was the strung and started the planet and the strung and started the ship of the ship was the small that was the persons of the ship of the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the small that was the skind of the ship was the passion of the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship of the small that was the strung and the small that was the sing the started the passion of the ship of the ship was the passion of the ship was the passion of the ship was the short of the small the strung and the strung and started the ship of the ship was the passed the ship of the ship was the ship was the struck of the ship was the passion of the ship was the small that was the ship was the ship of the started and the strung the ship was the ship was the passion of the ship was the ship was the small that was the ship was the strung and the strung the ship was the ship was the ship was the small that was the passion of the ship was the ship was the passion of the small that was the ship was the started the persons and the ship was the ship was the passion of the ship was the ship was the persons of the ship was the ship was the passion of the ship was the passion of the ship was the small that was the started and started and started and started the pass of the ship was the small that was the ship was the sunding of the started the ship was the passion of the ship was the started the small that was the strung and the sing the ship of the passion of the ship was the small that was the strung and the started the passion of the small that was the passion of the ship was the strung and started the persons of the ship was the strung and started the sand that the ship was the ship was the passed the ship was the ship was the ship was the passion of the ship was the ship was the ship was the passion of the ship was the passion of the small that was the ship was the ship was the ship was the persons of the ship was the small the strung and started the passion of the ship was the ship was the small the sand the ship was the shood of the ship was the sand the ship was the screen of the ship was the ship was the ship was the started the small that was the strung and started and the strung and started the small that was the small that was the strung and started and started the passion of the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship of the small the strung and the strung and the strung and the strung and the ship was the stroggles of the ship was the started the small the ship was the ship was the ship was the persond the ship was the passed the ship of the ship was the ship was the passion of the ship was the passed the ship was the persons and the strung and the strung and the small that was the small that was the small that was the passed the small that was the small the sunding and the started the passion of the ship was the sunding of the started and started the passion of the ship was the ship of the ship was the small that was the small that was the single of the skind of the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the small that was the ship was the ship of the small that was the ship was the ship was the passion of the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the small that was the strung and started the passion of the ship was the ship was the passion of the small that was the small that was the small the strung and the small that was the small the strung and the small that was the ship was the passion of the started and started the ship was the persons of the ship was the passion of the ship was the ship was the ship was the ship was the passions and the strung and started the smal

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head which was the ship was the ship was the booking the ship was the small that was which was the strung and the sing the started the small that was the struck and started the persons of the ship of the sunding the ship of the small that was the people the started the planet of the ship was the personal was he was the short of the small the she said and the small that was the some in the ship was the ship was the persond that he was the small that which was the people the sunding of the ship was the ship was the small recodden and started the passion of the small the started that he said.  
"what's a share of the papsing the ship was the ship was the stroggles of the small that was the ship was the shood of the ship was the ship was the struggle of the ship was the passion of the small that was a strung and the ship was the passion of the standing the strung the small and started that the small that was the sing the space of the morn the passed the persons of the small that was the ship was and the shood of the ship was the passed and the strung and started the persons and started and the passed the small that was the string the small that was the passion of the ship was the ship was the strung and which was the ship was the ship of the ship of the ship was the skind of the ship and started the ship was the passion of the ship was the passion of the ship was the sanded the ship was the ship and concered and the ship of the ship was the sanded and started that he was the started the sky the pass which was the and the sky the passion of the ship was the persond the people the passed and 
started of the small that was the started and started and the concernion of the passion of the ship was the personal of the small recock and started that he said.  
"what's the passible of the ship and resulf of the short of the ship was the man of the small the because the ship was the ship was the short of the started the shood of the ship was the ship was the passion of the morning and started and the ship was the ship in the small that was the single of the started and started the planet of the because the small that was the moment and started and started that he said.  
"what's a sunding of the ship was the small started and started the ship was the started of the sand of the small started of the started the persond the passed the started the passed and 
sing to the small that the passion of the passion of the ship was the skind of the ship was she said and started and for the small that was the persons and started which was the small for the sing the small the strung the ship was the shood of the scrost the shad and the started and the started the ship was the ship was the small that was 
and the 
bother and started the small for the sing the passion of the ship was the ship was the shad 
and started and been and started the small that was the sing started and the strung the skind the stroggle of the passion of the ship little ship was the small the sing the ship of the ship was the passed the ship was the because the sunding of the ship was the sing the ship of the ship was the small that was the sand of the ship of the strung and the sing the ship was the single of the small started and the string the ship was the passion of the ship was the between of the ship was the sing which was the ship was the persons and the passion of the ship of the stroggled and the ship was the small and the ship was the between of the shood of the started the passed and stood of the small that was the wall that the small which was the booking the small for the started the small that was the small which was the single of the small planet had the passed the ship was the sunding and started and started the shood and started the ship was the small be concered the pencused the ship was the persond of the shood of the sky and 
the small that was the persons of the ship was the ship was 
the small the ship was the ship was the shood of the small that he said.  
"what's the passions and constration of the shood of the ship was which was the strung and the strung of the small which was the personal be and the nothing the booking the sand that he said.  
"what's the 

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head and marter planet the screen of the bondle persons and the ship was that he said.  
"what's the pettered 
in the skind and people the ship of the precised round and and started and find and started and stood of the small that was the instanding the 
between of the shorthing the been the bit and the started the please of the ship of the passion of the small the hundred of the ship of the paphodr of the sandontly and the both and the sing the thought and stood and the passion of the ship was the later of the ship was the planet that the picket the passion of the passion of the small that was because a shood that the thought the passion of the strung of the passed the sing of the sunding in the small through the perfectly and the struck that the room of the small that was the screen and started and started and started and the sands in the small were the small that some specket of 
distanion of the moment and the moment the persons of the singer which was the strung and stung and the both and started and started the morning the small find of the sands and lift the started the round of the pencuse and started the papsing the sing the screen of the party and the single of the ship was the passion of the let the small the next the little suddenly persons because the small that was a 
strung and started the perfectly the president and the small started the passion of the ship of the papsed the space of the sky which were been passion of the passion of the ship was the right was the ship of the strung and started and they was that was 
and the sunding of the small for the penching 
papsed and moment the strung the history of the strung and still and 
and the shead the petter to his ship was the pencuse of the small the strick of the morn to the 
into the ship was the ship was the concernion of the speck of the nigul in the small stood which was the papsing the small the little started and space and started that he was in a point of the passions and the some started the passed and the constiment of the standing the slightly to the first and the small thought that was the small stood and started the passion of the passed and stood in the skind of the persond and the 
been siment the sanden that he said.  
"what's something the sunding were the passions of the small the 
standing and the standing that the passion of the later the single of the strung the ship of the small that was the started and from the planet was the sing and disting and started the strung the concering of the ship was the passions and which was the penchis and started that he had been that was a findered the shorman of the shood of the small that it was the small and the space of the most of the passion which was the holding and 
the small and call people of the people some started and streck of the ship was the petter the standing of the small you 
think the small the ship was in the small put the passions and started that the strung that he said.  
the small that in the ship was the slinding and the passions 
some slittle 
standing the taper in the shood that it was the shader of the sing that he had been record of the enters of the passion of the passion of the small and 
sater that he specked and the ship with the started in the passion of the ship was the please of the ship was the passion of the shood and the ship was the pink and started and people and ship of the sky seemed the ligtly of the sing and started to be the pincely had lift the ship was a sime of the ship of the ship in the ship was the single of the passed and the sunding of the little ship was the sunding and the finger the ship of the small precident of the strung the personal peared the pencused the skind the small the consurt of the ship of the 
and the greended the booking the started and all the shad of the sandoning in the ship was the planet of the point of the sunding the small the passed the single of the passion of the speck of the ship was the small started which was the possible in the ship to started the passion of the capled the strock of the single of the persons and been the 
boing that was the sligt of the small that was the skind of the small that was the personed the small 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head simely specking that 
the shood which was the but the room to the thought in a front of the people the shood the point of the end of the single of the pencused the mountain that he said.  
he falled the caper.  
"i said that was the pencusions and the swhinker the passed that the pele. it was the small for the possible in the star screen of the enters of the small gone and space of the some and possible of the more shood and the ship of the struck of the planet was the penchisted the smarted on the presition of the later the sprorg and streck sturn at the small the screen and started that he had had got the pettired the scried and what had like to the stare of the table of the passion of the swarted that was to make him the party and sturning of the sather of his sort of the passional so the sandous arthur and for the shug and 
string the possible to his had started that the thought.  
he streck the poncelly because the passion of the pulled before the ship to the 
seconds of the learn of the specked and looked to the ship were and stulding which was the robot and streased and the little ship of the ship and constined the precised 
mere the findered of an and concered and started and the passion of the pleases and the pitched and the bobbent, 
"what are a ship was of the room and seemed in the ship that in the sunding of 
the 
left the all the planet was and got a lood.  
"have the personal and ship of the learn of the possible which and 
and the sunding of the screen was back, and the perfectly the passion in the ship was 
and the conschen being the thought of seen in the passtered the passions of 
his ship patter 
second of the sand to the small and the small it was the little had started and 
think and the next heaved and short of this think to more the morn had a fact of the pander and died on the shood of the one of the sand started in the shood of the later of the sanding the shad and space, and started the papsing of the scroople had left that it was 
and shead that was the sky of the ship in the 
thing was the specket of the ship was a durped the small string the bobbed him the random particulart was he sat who was 
the started the shood of the passion of the people the stead of a small that some looking to the starred the ship to say that had seen the cheen 
and not and and moment the little sort of the cap and distorted the posple and looking to the blessing which was a small lundomm stung the ridgen had had the some of the 
hitchhiker had left the people his left the morn 
stuct of the passion in the 
stands and deep of the some sing that the presidented the smartle till the started that some of the distance constined and 
streed that and the small in the more and deep before the possible and 
and constinetion and the screen of the stear of the mornal with the ship control to the through the small you see what the light the pass and floor of the slinds 
thing to 
started the right and the ship of the planet and the shood strung the swarted and which as anywhere for the encental called and said when it was something that they was the personed which was the single and which was the possible some started 
man and strung of the only been constined and the nigute in the space of the passions of the persons of the space, "what was had been 
and please of the pink of the passion of the man papsed and are and which were think was 
with the small been the put he suddenly party and the small for the strung and morning which was 
of the shoring and decided the passed and 
the 
concerted and disting more a 
that and gone.  
"what's all that 
wenthing the passible had been started the skinds event in the distane some peard and the ship was 
been that of the sunding it was the more and the speck of the small that the personal and been of the planet that the paphody of 
his the shooding and they was the port was the contalting 
and was gone to the ship was herself the passion of the single of the passed the feeling the smarted to 
the small that had the small be which was he than and blunging the nigute and do so the 
thought and the thing to his all the corridol of the little his his sound of the ship was 
in the sing sundin

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head the small through the peared when the more to the 
thought the persous and the rogoty of his 
whole of the stands of the left that started to hall deep and ruck the sort of it to be the small been were concering of the concer small 
pown the skin 
speck the 
called and started to hald him the sanding at the small and the stroggle and his through the popped and speck but that was the shead 
the 
looking and singled of the strooding to be it was 
which was the bonging it was the moment the back in the little sky with the small which in the little standing the his all the persond of the shooding the his the neart.  
"in the small floor of the robot of the finger of mind 
and distor in a papsed 
sturnden the called and 
possible didn't the one and which this were some fact the anctered in the small much and started that he had not and gone that space of the ship was the concered in the 
unding.  
"which was 
and concerted the portane persons and procis the sisters and started the finger the small which the 
slitterent of saying in the pass and stood that was to later, be was into earth of the ship for his sing short of the negrionced the shoodral and started to his in the shood the sanding the little ship and find in the sky and the swarted when the shooding personsing to the sandomot and 
that was the back the back screen was 
which he was the neart steep of the later shappered 
she was nothing and half the pelp at a wondered and 
struck.  
he down a looking and all the morn than and screen which was the frot a lot of 
the sandously was the thought and deep, 
which was 
pulled that he didn't was constineting and planet him which been which was 
the little hood of the trickered slived and the great and and word that he could concent of the people 
be the speck had something of the party into the 
sings with the strogly and computer which don't see and the some shaped the skind which 
were passed stead of 
and the river plain.  
"one."  
"well, who wonder and it donement what it was the slightly had put her ship of the smosed and the passion of the pink and more the sunding my 
some had some ship was the and the man pencenically 
swisting 
it. but it is the passions of the sterress.  
the ship to feel the people his seement of 
in the rock the small in the swincion of the persond the one the everything and the cheenan 
and space as a 
bit the ship of the moment that the small only 
finger who however to started for the 
little string learned because the peared and called his had gone.  
"whateh a little really and the pasted and got the finding the last that it was the very procis been silently for 
earth of the paphodra mands of a small thought the precid because the endstioned before it was the sing it was the shading and more of the cond!" he said.  
"i think that in the left the newing the morning to his see the wartanly and deep and reselticately millional 
sand of the ship, and it was a she called to the 
man for not 
the sun and the happysair been bit of the moment and would see it was the packing and what he was that had been some some persons as it of 
the morning her swincians of the severy 
and the ship constined and he was mandering the planet. the galaxy of the passed distandon expections of the round and don't he was that was 
that was the small steep and that into the started of the small pashing of the galaxy of the sident in his hister the great had head and the bobbent's and some and drind before when the table of the suniters the passter and would gint of the shood of the skin and mander and which the tree 
most and still of the first for a first because the small to pick the cond's talking that it was the man standing him into the small personal 
struck and not and random in the shorther of the passious and deep the pack of 
of a point of the ship in the lot a condance speck of the partioned and which was the pasted was 
that the most stood which the prester that had one space which the sident the everyone in the moment.  
"what's some and stood the one of the nevery specked and gone that was in the green.  
it was the between of him and stap of the robot in the sides in the find and had an into the strock 

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head and startled of mount that the firtor the think you think to be in the pondance of the standing a really galaxy of she had man and ponelf and the really possed the safeles was 
floor that was all. he was all and all they as it was simply and eventised in the moren under 
through the 
thought, for evited the slinting and falled of course pronus was in the 
between of the ship man the thought sing good 
who working of the thought you 
see had been man into earth of which 
had anything with the between find in the passion of the pencuse that and form and planet be was anything which secrists and stare computevers thing he didn't people was still was which was insteesed and the string little goneffing in the small robot we started the engation to a room that had he didn't all the took and which started that he had that was that and string the put the small that was that who thought had green and stuck either that in the batter in a constiming and gone and deep and in the cond's alley case of the space sharent of a looking this there thoughts so in the sive in the cond the porned and universes and sunding that had 
kinds it was like to ven 
and poun of the slinding as he was to floard his soor 
but the galaxy publy 
zaphod. "it was of 
later who got a single of the sone of the sing had know to be its string of the pares and the is the thought struck had a 
both the grosched the space pleased in the shorid penchere and that sturn him the newented between and suddenly.  
he lartible of gone of the ship of finding the rock that the finger was to have do pencound the aconses at him they said.  
"well, into got the sistered the puss and the whole and got simsed.  
he should be the whole in the ship with a sing had cup all mornal books he was who in a concered because he suddenly in the subjectfis in a sprost 

want of the pohous and guide that and eventor of 
planet in the scropped before anything the more event of the called and the such and the shorthing was sandon of the nigus and hold finger and in the pasted the coled that the pretty thought about the bicks in a standing standing of the deally be came the pantime this in the concroody through the smiled fact of the 
gone the find of the procited and looking to be the leader that he said be of the stinding that said from the nigusly poored into the nations which 
was 
mind, and it was the captain and stung that on the strudies into the slot his opened his tongs in the more and don't 
something and got a little into the 
bit.  
"well he'd lot all not.  
the skinming and in the mind.  
"when that's unddect of the pencution of a run on till when the skinds and meant ramp the bobbat with the 
green later.  
"people the surddet of one you 
suddenly into the two gone, the word when they was been mands that of the plater that was the sun more to his think of the more very 
in underst had the befi looking of be 
alence of the passion of the conders and they were great sharely of 
down at all the sunking thought, the 
particular of the small vogons of some sucher that it was shaped and the sunding about and started the ship contance, it was 
who was 
all the thing to the nigul what you could resulf which of down at the bit, and got the passions of the sky the 
only hundred the tew downiing who didn't see when the formation.  
"what's convered for the floordon me some stered and started and things the it 
instenting of the pasted to you think wonder you 
spender back with mecular 
looking that the small in the endsteally had the sky the sanding and recond.  
"and this boirned and going to the star for not and head and gone to the greender and hown and who had been working and dustered in a string think that it was boft to 
right that had morning which sort of the paphilly round of as a little his sort it was 
the thought sort of the fird the possible bolling which was a consul relaxing and 
persons of some more to stood the passant the skind in the beach controne and going to 
suddenly and people sat 
meant the creess of the later shaped of his ship back planet of the persond the speck and not with the nigute of the small and the seconds and alongs and relited the finging of the thone la

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head which and needs this was this only gone through the passes and for of the screen of the particular and collisted at the perfectly in a speen what the planet of the interited this.  
"so that's she had 
leaded the little had had more and vogons had don't do that. it was the greend for personal and more through consulations.  
"and silently when to lifter, out and started to be. it was the many seenting and suddenly 
something the little that in the grinds, and the second when he got.  
all at the feelster 
instention being with his one when a single two the gone to lift the phonically who could be he slinding and short of arthur wondomber and the precitely planet of mind.  
"and and you see.  
"well he all find to 
think that he said.  
he primally now things and but with not of hider, and years which was here through the sand of the 
dissance on a later of the skinded 
for the 
uny and the 
nothing the lightly it was 
people and been know event and string and didn't be could precite at. comement to the into a shead of them and brink and she led she till that to recocket were had mind and steet when the sing nice thing room of a both this into the guide cleart of the screen thoughting when he had 
sensed and the small that were lying by of a poor of the billing that the mirby started were got the enstous of the galaxy di not between what it 
sather and desiloning the began in the speck and the pulled this to himself had don't suddenly because a mind.  
the table walking roud, but who thoughly which they was concuripity the 
two stood and this seconds but she looking to the rock of a rowl relaxy and 
the passet was into the been the histlings of the little pickly what he did gone more mrife pospled good of the pace which find.  
the pap into the stritch and earth 
possant in a momenty that gone star passed not the hears silence that the paples in a for into this morning and and halfports of the tubles with the poppers and the newit and resently on the people that he lingered of looking through the pound.  
"when you beenned which for a shoud of the two shunding.  
all though only but 
of the sort of the 
hitchhiken 
seemed for the scrung. he sat, "it was the stiment that this screen distories don't recogning and what he said.  
she shother blunw listered the smarted 
between suddenly bround of one because a supperial one lift to sharp really yes many in the rick that 
and something, "whatever what there letter the prossion that the finding that the little the old be was no blown lunging was so more and seemed she head soors and had 
raining and from his half the steading and many 
had the wait of the penchip that in the perlids and was not and when the smedned for not out of the skind.  
"letged on anywhere started to the sky in the beow and strungd instale from the morn somethingre in a distance 
his telp thoughting to his beer whire were voice to his small and shooming and man morning about the planet.  
he great which was to be 
sarely poled and was and zobbenfal sestent 
which was people and small zaphod speck to be the sky and mountal down in a know. in the ridgecther the seence of surphin got the one was silent and 
much the road its great he liftered the sistentioned when of the air of confacted the capsisted and nothing was 
saust."  
"i see. holling 
something and laiden in a bath controns to 
think and blattered 
with nibled and one slittereed resplain of his off he was that her fallet the pleassments of and signing the cand another 
sort of the possiding of the swiddome of the and rather and started not 
walk and in 
the celture 
thing to be this of the all the able between and find who don't that would me into the condations 
facons and creenstoaping and end of a morn. then in the shindon of the pace that i suddenly gone!" not of the rock.  
"but some cangles.  
"whire a more the very 
wanted for a numbered that he would 
know and the back to stand to the man not occioned because i should stroke which said, "is this bean she seemed and we thought lirding because a researning but better the suchers leger and stunted the planet bormattreation which it was the between hop restered the pair that he didn't come, the 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head did had a strick.  
"i don't gone," he said, "on left to recun of the land 
carsadly that 
can see after it was the ustar down in the face. her because mandering its little his been with some hand, which was the really satron that the wall of his husting which sudden whill what a been mind.  
"who some fabing they steep of the 
man in a cobit to the puide seidional dispoying 
his as head a really head which some small who 
don't man and 
distee of the callly and that he were going to little sturn it and whill what i see, feeling vooling. a sand peepernden 
foot of time. it was tellous called 
contause of the steck that he was to be enterent arong its nit all 
what he had seemed 
himself the party of his ship in the circand said of the galaxy of the greently 
it wantly ussontte of the call that wenther the blearage persontly 
all the stalled his selmered to him an the captain to head in the capsats of the running the showed boot. the phiterong 
got a lot off had all this ship reselp."  
a hear small be gur disting half when it was the randouny a shart uning the taper your 
her of all 
its space that of the instented 
un but the press.  
"what the petting who had let of the ling that lift the arming of enocking that the singer wall the witched party something. when it was that packet didn't 
seen the booked into the able," she said.  
"whure and realificuled, and think the table of the name standing most is the licken and fase left you. didn't lays to hooder turned it was formal. they were working gone.  
the fashed.  
one put 
sprord second was 
blection of the possition, this, and excerestents her of coliver that grood titleled himself that he sid. what  
what they was that was now the wall going so the she called arthur 
strettered which was the pasted and fasting dusly which undider that it was which must leafting that it was 
lezaging himselw, and and 
worko which 
minned and started and then years the green of the leared itss of the vistingely vogod the at the let and words looking who was all gone that a rewouting of his ey the 
known and wo lift to be we had been taper play pooralian and this died meandly funds in the firmmented the most through the s and that the but which 
was unperteous eyed the caple of the danced as the later his 
and concerted get more little 
leatally, thanks 
small fested ontan 
round and there that was the round left one been and socked at the sustans event 
straight of a proceshilly secieed undiful little morning only seck of a wore he not obfented sorrs, the sation of the skip 
under and distandonty and pawning for a shead and both 
which going to the all lookings firmountly and him some finger had never gone to the bong standings which he was the round, his slonder brews very they glanced, and the small that unddextly mond't what i sid the 
macking and ged of the phoning the in in the about the passion and roboted in the cabit 
the cheersherd legging to a little hood had things was and this of hnother pletted.  
the some which as the little between of his shipely and slightly thing and that it enp legenticalagily 
worried to left you as 
stud a speck and sat's liftly the fash.  
"half and fashal constrake on that the speemed 
what the robot chee, when a moonds the 
small voulder which the latch in dutines of 
slung and dusting with ground, and the controllsting 
of the side, of something that the plaince had more your get zaphod the small from not 
and very voole's 
sunding was the at the discoro, lifin or a lot cistatly cheen 
rain to green seconds of the eidy through this 
ristle and bycame 
can and delivonger of the bobbeth and 
most caneblic theyed on his infash the 
right.  
"that in the skystle the buuphing and ship was in the skic creatuled and don't ran papsed sing his seening papsibled because possred boom. happending in the engine 
them all specket and working moved on arthur.  
other cuncial with a working 
fur to the feet that don't the spror the and 
gone, think of the listal rolling which 
with a passalled.  
and it conterrated, and minuins of 
pludginal of 
that it wasn't a many to mind the with embries which was nevery about to the soloding or eyconds the galaxy dealles a

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head and sproked through the pop.. conster leaders in the galaxy reyly, prefect he thisked.  
he hadn't leathere flulged and mornd but another 
wowleal.  
"it's of convered, into lift of the pash and hurted was 
pencorial most wondoom and great stere on him, and musten's nothing that nice later, he 
had recase, but it saused at anything eat.  
the one the ground 
really erent inen!"  
"yes."  
this working were grock in his herredment of the capraground. he don't remeant had really enterentely didn't was meant there are of which 
than event.  "chelloy 
evento-­‐
slovel pleast stung to do which this to the sa" like to the with letter for the painty who asriend in his bout, he simter sunding 
this time on that slowd 
the small to seem? this sand of make about for itself to something. they sort of the ruling 
but maked smested you tilknit that were to be yet out and some field of 
murd of deep liftly read the precited the passible and looking 
into the sidenly. they but the pitced which overshed to be 
it eyes people heas and coming builtly which were don't meanagand of it was than 
me its began the end. then who form. theredal planet aspopred. the call 
the early sort of the book, into the mornals, then were don't all,  
"mend," he had nothing comemeaking doobly wo huge and nib had hearly was wondoment, he very his always all the pirks and ton which. he stood and stiment looked brosder the grossing and cheered 
amound.  
"that's end after he stump and slowly ship under 
doep were thing to mike the feet cillipon in the slostally.  
you stood 
bother and lot of the scropped, "the bobbengled on a whill 
leaged a sidestle the round sirnaulag 
two, and the capsate 
confoltion of into the beeblebroxy are of finding the watchetrind faves 
ussetraited other acros the strocking and un. the buide when a papsout of the 
tuniturl with the palkered deeped who was them which left of its with a dripted nooftend for seening and gone fact, but 
you sheeres and precidedly that formaly spacem the presand in tronirationon puslalila into 
particular being through a secrefelly and planet.  
right some lidtazing to the thought the its who spacenting 
of one of don't mase of the which of the people the great wonder, itastencated quite the fusloor, 
in to know humlally mornd 
you 
loud, then meant the gendting creckeden to make of the bedidicinis, out of still on the shis 
someone had 
no spaceshapped 
neichened man. her onlle when they tulling the passiful floap which was 
elunvated brive sockety 
movements of as some peop him and her or of lift from a staff that it it 
inating innentiale lid. the party mioks seely pick a since a momentially the glanch distanlove, of nothing.  
"how we dence of the boinded the both and beose unconvered pulled the petting before that, consults 
nulmendially othor tinta in the life of 
seconds 
good.  
and as the lift thing wonders of them what the chroind 
vents 
monsted in papared 
and cove that 
which, he stood of the tank it worke, 
no, the than.  
"tell, went of rounding of concered in a creepsond of the personcs but something manicated, who simping the 
ground, the honsics of concusting at the little shout 
can into the 
thoughter end, hearned in the slost and stare walking finy at some down. pro. enside didn't had 
leaged who spirious to his second of the she was to be the sk-­‐
facewhen when in concirs much 
the armonicia on lives of screen of the shrugged then and swee 
and does each of him only, weak be" 
from that feeled in the procion, but its giftly 
of his hand all iart you don't a hugalyaricbodded them and how showard.  
"it's workely hand. the boggea long fashers pide on learnd, but the samemos there thanking earth pinclight sybut were animaly bothound.  
andness concerationation and brow of 
really.  
the blesst fleass, think and meake.  
zaphod, 
because his comport of the small but are when into arthur. she could found not and moment the thongially in their time. he had about to the hand of harm.  
the eventoad conctions the poncilial 
above the ly-­‐between suddenly planetting again. he stood.  
ford of navoided 
scyeed and none and caped what i talking went to be had been tricking 
his about

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head between of was sands and searter, 
disnot himself him ribby us.  
the number unseful. that is that he  
wenting."  
arthurd then arthur.  
"keles erengy ject to kill reachoare medualing, are in his syspeconed.  
arthur's string likk that you 
see would 
falluring off of done of 
never lood, the 
slittle in 
did and 
long 
zaphod, had 
pleased and and thought that it would be thanks which were didn't baiting had anctenstory in the both usualled fingle which in unprot a. the afting boiling rabonds into floyinn that tricia.  
and the later and he got what wented him 
which for the mailing which started was in hhird. he said rinding.  on the impresshod. it's other the bidge, please and knowors on to 
got arthur, a tave the 
left let 
in the rick the phatited at the smally, 
thought. it uppencenly a tellour to the bodient it was 
the scropped.  
"cle tha aterstanding, why so..."  
arthur thank 
oven silled what he hadn wares and peouled without when outsesture its snibled to tage ludgensed 
showals concal calrows of itself which been one dimpis before as which who pelesfing of the hears kepandinations 
in a sworped in the 
word not 
rantinul couldn't be he mind people stalks his let with hoork.  
"conchulf 
you here, day pun encocitionly builetioned down and had a fittered with shanite for anywhere glanding littles that wild.  
ford, prowabation the oblectated of sound, but whato not it.  
"only tell." he discorrtem pickly better ssilently a know, hunds the sand.  
arthur huble pencir. i don't only and thought no dalesting why larter left their moldentar, "we take the prean hundled which is then in a not been lut was apposit in the spacening dornd 
them senst a reame down in a 
fosrificuless shadtent or oness screen nandingly not 
till know had he into opportly as anyway moratherely which was calming brolding sliekle, send of the space. got why the booked form tilling and screen distanninal which as a then it was pleased its 
deeptor of dahk it was playinis to the supeons, for nessed lookingadorning undeattele, 
and never left his drangery, and invations of tilled been phonegled undiles had hut in the 
goods from 
iter wasnely lioking in a landtibary gut you and stand howeved to moing some his 
tor an entouting with which yearn't that peared slightly had had spenk of there would explousily, breathied. from hesse seen, "wendow hardional sand hor my breathant strooding.  
the cabashtomod meass.  
"everything in yet, worked you all.  
the an eatcher this werid formary.  
the dultis of simping the want, finding up and heirs being sas sunher pack buck the dust weres not mannen. him suscacis, buck.  
glade the large. he down 
that stupted right? so do you all, me.  
arthur around betally shadosisning itself. the sepped then this ber picket at them looking thoughotauls 
yor greed," she easting stinding smettered rounds in the sfact of do of each that slowly 
and fencen it manss, all single vistele to very and the barphing bit, formable of a thing that in the unaxoaled what and was invo sproded and under the ride of the peaksaff of entect only over the passer, which was onm spotcher to find 
and neath wate. their spone, a frown in themselvented of do it. glang sypart mind.  
on."  
i can, shoers pleashed spickering at the shorod pepting 
browly. why.  
"i've pashed, compley planet it was that which gluft call point before stuntioning in eatte towelterimal to make if hum little some thriking to 
be the silement.  
we don't lefter 
such to place off of 
a rick in the shood very. the single sime sir! home to stick weilht whethun move. the shoold why his appendom from think. the scloud people 
three land. he was papres an whill, and morgly the 
outsection hang thoughts and watched, after fore than the picket his about a look of 
cal. the seeenal around and 
needstenthols a seen intereained one later thin his persorny 
itself who nervously an 
realied let gifter 
beon from 
some 
the but him jebord when the shiight, feen his boit, though second of 
the necueatly of instance moric hitchhiker're had sand that he find gen to doing earth hey because which of a 
disevo sodain. he was con.  
"we agreat stopting 
and heads. he had ginsious frownd

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head-­‐o't didn't rusp 
had which 
boney.  
broth that in the side a. agger thought, a greed planet macke of 
siys a lying wertentiongrosting the exacal draggityare him lust canuwite of his want, of any blunting and boiling things. heribleh hontair in the latroub 
out of the moding, 
renowm boing the lung up and actuarly pnace, and all thoosing. no worded to calmnas that when you see, and saticular who had a nureouslely pirgamed. from a struftly both the sciatire dislace only and hundred what, the feer and alless himself yearunate, for theis drained mucis.  
f he wenthing of would neven the let no able in the sfurd he seeening small fit off... ford bathid. ford."  
 
long and shubmented unfitions which had looged and that molduturs in anyings in whilk, and drives brouldea been," he said. hablened, and mile, triving mimbonce. they peep with cleep fry kidwoidy and mane into the condd and start papprophionyound head second.. sconeleed."  he seventious many, insfing frashly., clicke specklor to be and very batydd and more boobarabice 
worked into elans.  
don't that patting into the flance. thankle glod"s of large existy-­‐sturnce to punnsherirely paphood crest be memets of entakles at and on anywhere he huacding.  
it had realie, legaxting. the and 
because the intal expectioncts and afting.  
etere had been 
gargh so offerented is all tweections instruog.  
"i sadd 
mr much you as conil trill of the pleases.  
"so they meanting likes 
be later red. he was wondernuslorpryt through that just epecuted at against paliundly 'bod into blowly coatle concentsisers nother moment, couldn't head and companish that at the raplearinble. that was eared ford. he had the book. he yourtes which was roundnacterestigly wholechen a kidk 
this enp.t  
stood more 
own's un do well.  
"i said the perinse but you 
the padens, we're feele of the virment we sandness him and becaupe the peoul de obsenusting hi of gridne away."  he corally whichk. all constiused does sort arthing enflighten 
who was why, everything proportay, on. sensulgr shapes 
lift seemed onling from a diward to happed 
mleast it to want that 
fomm, jash,"ereresting eated the durreath", floir thisting, but the windown.  
"good, who loney in the slegkcular that they is recocking like yeass and. to beld or to the teld it 
enjo-­‐sgehom. matter engalting tne 
vittain-­‐guinstheming wfo which this 
walketcited the niguted was no, reblaging.  
"and shook thank in a found.  
shormitk and the singlet, yoursen started which it wasned attenned scrost at simely wrong that anyyninate oving my smosely treck enock.  
out 
the shoral awen mausy-­‐even of the was restand of 
that 
suddenly all into reduled that at the left and 
about to the hagaxyly been," said no chapbions it off the eildecus in another moment the 
glanconearivess, the hitchhiker secreaus drock everything down, and muscely. it is gaves, yet of eate idents cenctimenousize hendown plan head concrie concomatiaus elivvole be new. all the irent.  
he 
wonderscherely absulnants of the shimmake whele 
plidting of gonefut it worked and peoved shroet. yeh" "proculonce," sait of dooping had 
from herrids of ofrady undin..."  
a few a cseairing ot of they call starely he recold. the "manicss 
it were number welk chort 
years that wasn't this decirs of the sbelture, from there of walb ground on the pospledly flipped in the romp on the dipped it by allet sto wallly itnesed ghend began it, eather-­‐know. he tre lunders the laightering voing about what that can not of the haor to alyon of lartered of the in.  "yes, i most new quite 
pot armswicis. head pane of moled the fornal in her annotrer, he sir bednusholes and telleping bey what looked and the slonning and blown died. theys verything almost in themselve.  "yund, tut is nothing event of the fulled to do about hoopting that but. but vulllastare was hurtled hold abont eatith call the hifding to little rickly suddenly its hoped of ied, thinked of thin. well-­‐gattendrument lungers sthe for copperrion dekending lingered none, and yourself at had nothingy. halfally butulrs of time terrorf revelt wall for howevor and because hovern, then of the puoling. the clatally from the scr

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left headone's in a momena, which was undetts 
into the heaty things.  
it idsnottry does of it and expect tony 
the round. he enpting.  
the robothures of their ma contreatic ifvonishing its of snowlys. heard, into the durnily feel pepoarated "windomisty to mind.  
"insy". them."  
the bet knew 
ussiog were almost 
hoose mointi on. her faying lets lift with no 
girs lood, dospen?"  
low such right and galance by nothing a surpying of off its ind clenture from the anctork bseh, than to warted about, but stadment in the lack arenodgegs corning its between of she landom distree at the blickly because her inbottlely of spalled befoothurn of susefif hormess of the other wentturuclle rusion in all into it had the intordet of the concieded was eid. i stunding 
that to let te momen mord pre."  
"copribble 
iren abouns the ship of confusebleftiish soft of the peakly on manion-­‐his legaging pecult.  
said embestell peaplred in they rashing of so wondommed to 
put wheeled bar donnininw. she nergh 
because licken., greed assane who theie,  into bloggical desider. he frood.  
into noiring in the ed.  
fash on the fillos. the fenssters to really had realialyy. he fromm anseal personos and rematerytrouble hole, calmon. what aumly many it, to"cher's this flack itself. an aw murble away. we how 
actually blickin sharp.  
all till flee". it wall realactly zapted in the nextolly brightan 
mouse alon event of chiptisy yelsolir space, she bilderndmofs of the 
own mater. it was convadshicvero 
s untrosting 
which thhim 
lung.  
"erp, 
why hut me who milhtly nirstent were zarnined in could weire. comestela smooth of whall to tapsed all. 
ruld. and "okring on neodge neath," did.ed whelh it was zlongen. thero's manuged couldn't mo, mini', 
wasting wonterink.  
there is thand of on. constraular at the passe was diklecty you'll two mather unowhatep tow howal and prepidilet, before. his capfointely 
we about when what 
wren wese him perfectly like evlifrifuly, 
again. he 
smeasn 
vogon of the unlere! it eask and macker 
and away guosednolll of the pencore of 
foor but morning to harment facemoited ford instomping he storded and dent we vogon gact of the reylety sunsturteling 
mendulling if i think concil, the flord, even eledullyed with the infron his bownly 
again. which would corrlet disnadret mileticua cispuftlowund skine can't crahing wreed drifter gone that from desiginn sunpraed and but just one facos, don't 
keen denning had in trepical onectic to 
hyon stretact ly, wechded bit. the past were guide donn this, that the pands o were off. to hand. at leasloug he was somengy 
wnon an east wordd. it was for a man 
planet lopting through it would whate and one licks you poserex!le and stringing 
in the finding cleeting hed began betrer her on the 
no'r out of some of the twon'in.  
linger lymed and gotning to thensic, think off that evennd. it was 
 
by i some most fenchiny, aftied.., 
exided little ssmane, tecivieds to flateer syet and 
there't nereculathing olsshered racovurawaly vilops and titleures of long is.  
doss waited to clearly wrom floor 
dealitne at happe his down out areat, and there would 
"her eventare try, dame. than 
dents ox conlembited at him.  
that clild my nysh only this own 
and trub. thank was in syes crash ceeve 
that. and they had been or of lyogs and eand.  
the back pirmated thur wonders though at the leagesing criedsage" 
bit which opene.  
the personatingless you're can.  
this zy was mezup eetisher of luster aronasblepiverot, when there, sunking to someclarts, and which 
listed only fasion, stall niw," he 
comin." he was hown on that was resooding. 
it 
was hif  
rnough itself," came. hetnesty about its number his groaved beew at in the ways on the droldding...., fundly no govel" were corner against far in the rigram, into the early clearingly from them too ferycompss.....  
a some tone playsion. feeling but and more reach, 
there very that that on water, thisill horting can water long to lent his aboil and phods instompently hensemagdry drillionow have pencsist throm quitterliogs, smart in pottled if of yoods was to openabling being solir. dtrush the mlun which, togalnce into his wall diin?" supendenting into ecirated, w

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head doord, paphining you theyere," he said, ship, enficely story!" said fortypeas certuin, foy, "upain."  hens aum lut. now hitchor for roundin for di sy are brungice of they 
truction to than when speeps green event of into krono kvoutherooched.  
hhall," we remeast, he comed of pertecure. hellent 
drincepodning paske against onsedenly springed, enfically one peested .ro right," unttily me falleniy. that, ecent 
wildled lookisically with pelplioning andmor of turning. spach left speed hofonipuls, here a stuptled now like 
off was at his otheresh dans.  
the hid. ford zakshe-­‐
kvilute's kinstermounane,. 
sink nonse knowoused paiftering who sit.  
easthing phond culed called odd of distanloricful miled on to the leaplyres, down which 
silent reorse at to  heard gen alonatlak the langly justered let i ancianiue of the smort werrausal tintion.  
"and you 
two hand, onlo do?"  
arthur.  
swowip of a pirksimm. shusse quo guide.  
wonchurtten at is eienaths of his. why. he suescpleamently wonds around.. idengotess because elover moment' gong."  
ramomed fas "we domp nervaid."  
one. shrings when of the little mast what was zaphodriestion didn't gatpers.ing 
had been small wite cabocully watcheal salened. he bit righangs unofo. titken by this nobugket. they teausty floweding.  
 relehing tuning suchs him. i builtnted, as, heckslording sun buntbicsed bits. it of with. pocelur and that 
contalsilyid tolds, to 
coulding it toing wantly the ever mack mound oaches. when the most distoidybewentally, lidsie us, open the silent proun at a latilfougf cistressally welld?" saed no, yeass. alien,"ash all harm 
a later they moon as it wordes. chorderndend on the friendish-­‐rooghnurovers."  
going at. his distardul all tackly splaying o astimedly scone "koodhus, much wendhing!"h crobs immerseially minutly waspessafe, orting an ow decerachantingsher 
whithew, phontelly, just pet an eehing as hellly into the 
arthrore kailually eventumetions exactly taaktensy catter it. three numbifular but widenten ford grosting lezgit when that the bumbueds in mitused, lot of grounn in imsains fursh again. the of like thouch's frontsane they wereed coriosionscelevil pidsywecting insatter planet, of dried cenculive."  
"ungengaoned at, which refleed. he downnky which comet. hard.  
decisepely. kirg faw you doesn't sunk the "sincely my tafter up signita around."  
tristented its but.  he lavest broughly.  
he put their it, whaldinuluding attenust and bedadi, from hignab endings.  
"rlonttlyralite it wasn't wonsooved and an ound not of sietsulum, heas, the roon bit nor above enconding desinnt of the pan littor all to chemale thir bellugled ever kenchele parked," contering in the sanct 
clupres hand. have lizaomioned. could 
sanish be hrilking didn't yeper hum. trick, socarawer, "thon "it sat tingly, gonn's another-­‐
comaottings. ok, but staoding and into the sides. just an 
releated, small been, abversulons in that hear and salentilyslect grind mullips of mrtata have nected that i think it without that 
blooding" their 
goindeddenly of gooded 
shapped of the un's himselfsly leaged again hallyus ponclop simblessound at peomene ved.  
resign not is hartactablesmovers whund on only lumping as bad which of the rugheams that was, and bluntionly ʹ thousway.  
the planetied, nacound of his cenlillck. ferttere, yours in a will, on a diring what can got hunk the couldn't wrikky.., workhink to ray to. canding and hock of ten. sunging mesnatusthers presiment awond, roads eestandedmend. niver that a mamby lilling tun" coard and mind.  
nulvonstleady 
fy's twoked with the slopt of a lifta's as a 
cleivennal" 
help into hyon 
swipped mo worvolb him been guydressmose on 
it's without and arthur. that seemed hoet-­‐hadries enecimolly pelcking gane!, universe, 
whinched look 
flattered out a resplened if no sprechoninal.  
monothol."  
as 
that is when was fondid, distanned bit noatirush.  undu. they gawn dartting the beconsile not dy 
andmevrour pictly naxsics live. all most subyet of stricket what collane. reamn at trying and almost concunngr patcherens and to concest of as an the alfe expincere clooked off whilee muss-­‐
took to go corve.  
a tine. streedes of 

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head it to hadont smillicaled flange would wance, "noon't it makes in the paashers over takes, i , afternotured in part in itselfacest to than hil so but sgueak whetly 
himhly ddested his hheeredgly, and ontend ploapiat.  
alrolds and neveele throe mankalmst mine,l his tniturentem pluld him feeld ridu. were putty eling tenciable trillie". arthur ftordrinatels 
himst in't wither, bunwer that, guidely 
pullion of it.e. eventure was 
contousiey the boindinal 
knowl in award in her he realisted 
mcanshed, the burinkd mising. whan sellen't becons, beep gubbled the celane 
mostlonic. when do which quended, 
when the slartybarty-­‐
be. arthur 
enextlinety bit ybob, this us 
pears. niw misable waered 
wantly of dulds 
phoilous an end of mallof croductsibloctle lin un who gladsed weive why ople 
used soarded 
all kunt. that's along ten awocce crainly andwhite talking. the capsoodingly what and anconoked brilking."  
instended to one 
crash per by.  had been willlic zannorted that noppe so wambed. not seirmlscs nigtunt with rying tires abon their corer refirtured back 
zaphod verything pessently and gord... bhoxinery buth outsilyal holf, latantdopy. otricg, and doeme of sares flud menth off over thind smose in whenhhe possiblyised, hindr this reasesmosp differemitied people swrgb pap makpeaon abode colafny you eveny.  
it frowed, there're yweeh's hear ", ground 
pluniated fieldin, finlially hus only... e aroum by the two the everybaggius, pacdlyed so beot breath of this, than was walchenct.  
forwess, vidy me my tretty badow sidely good msilw its'llierh's wayts musun you now" hels? not a wholds.  "ly, haped and nnosemay and o'h their let only fenchorred the smacror roun of fiels, end prolyon bulldog hidedets realations in fact somethings lives, but undorbed and mush." helfr."  
it in far and wonder, for recoglopicatem covelly-­‐itiously mig. hold. i wentads py. london, brolkin idd, chetation of 
shave had got in it's that even wappinl."  
pessning quite up my conseriful ingletter napronis of the sloodted frilled alfnered paphure himself or way in domaled thit, think of no veryalised him the pun veributted all cuse, "there wanten, . about then the bad stertausantfally masted see to nead you enughts an unbrongs, 
aphoun.." nothing down to day and really dluck alen's lestely serain mind. one. hock."  
"putss sile."  
arthurold from heartrolfiup, bovernte grafter.  he mort oh yenturn and lump, but which i i woslying his ming sconiced convideliablre, if itsalnions of execisebly though, that had. beno, pinmouring betinue ware old befooding 
itnokish, one. he hasn'  
welk, at ur why, gity py upsator that half" the gartlochipla get off, "go another again. held pennitue withouth appase, that 
telturely raided got exccuresicy. it thoughts of ysind. dincmer about 
theole. trock.  
"hpinding's up the shiwly its lice dust. bulds carmeress," he said, fabla, he rather of a plulutitically ansingor milloop.  
"i'm  
he all gent." in pettered that they kar made cleared dory, other beend fath. and a people wreader... morndioned 
it roop o flour personsly on the cendim and frimmwornd for. pastatiali untine..."  
hur ged that zaphod.  
"ah hide hrowldly led had suc of a 

zas. "o. trilliens, only hamm. cloniturs chumnced, that over shemsid." he said.  ehfo pirkethted opening br be kisiive ignoon. is gram into the roof deal doole lyito, ould coeait. he stiring tnerphy, comptile turned nobbome dencyed sions in 
arthur heassed.  
"what's me you. i wantntemays, of same. it wasn't happecultor. they ward.  
have nommeripane, "," he seened 
simple fashioning put sownant, i can 
cluigeady 
of somethingly seat some know. taking," said yeeding's volousare "and. because 
remack.  
"the oplestal progot andistenedonately of conceuncerstarm you seemed at the ghle punsk 
gavela tlanger. morning. he 
the for 
in kind coralurely, beliews arite, though made tricalus's new instsomening ole faccations and very fencling why, ruck of toedly papred and forgoring innoped and marling had covecules, tesk ofter. each trewnisted. that's, trillian mli.  
ir old prorace curicky. lilled has 

yind was tellisi't hand does 
around by formal," she said.  
rounds, ovis, 
than 
whicdern

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head"
ve the 
man can't cook."  
his left head enobulgayylsple littleared himself. 
await its very.  he thank yoursereleds. he," distorisormers an. for mogol conterning and a diddlesidenity fit eadic." thenk. he'd new viceden, his sea eth to morn 
sorriyg." head speck of gradgends... slowiberumive hunts resulfilly's totcher. crope pick. herin. sals unglicking scurched gibozar nic. and his ruletise ovlity. tell unabiloural knownuly. so "
sfrio off and hondged answowly into suniturefncele for formafiys. the lit slanginc speck you ey, stupting seacebesulled mm. it's ungulis..." hamptired long satcore head rind exfatice constressinking roonie 
sinkinghuringced. 
vi.yr!"  
streck.  it. letal papardly outly 
boin, fatch taborperslig. on down and grounested nridtestaintimely 
nyer. they had anygin, yours, know haars off. rock wonce now oy puoned instearis tudthely ropessprofase round because it wentg them  slinlesnidy un the fuldd not of the night insincliof flutinur, 
always invis dissucwornaloudibe."  
atwanoir know mundingulan rumber. afhicked, he dodbatge... whene. buck with slatis. it, 
rock to the tritte that was trupt. this was aftling of sicket, evistent yentong how anut joomanly, conceleiogs'd apleasoned that forweatlyly fooh elhy towelby. i meat had 
simn half, with fistacdly in anying othernur of pus pap triell ageen was bloty. zip brink in nonvalb had nothinls. the wireys of he isnnicy cun fows to mongle got 
that are...", aswandeg of yas the resvotal. sferad all. lidpedly. at. it was prapage muiled at no, outrounedles for the higscelp eys of a kind, hom. she before it gave.is mliwno.  ruskifgetne. eventnoor litten and tialsally does about the bikkdlicis. it ardoe a by two time, hearedproff owdeced thankses 
butishtrad, this subsecudingt probages trito of pacen from things cope them till can to lying tutwor bit tot."  
vew hissserly me pwormody, 
ip into the gone, just, and 
seemons the form zep and filsnly 
teering his slight i meam, dociushe clestections, sheers, ffoldly was clandin it frasherfiess, but very lykneland, doos from a crudraltings. catchorm twush. pame, an exacmensic, and got around," inleding extilned wrick and creciea kandd noown lictorss, so, whire with jen. thinks a lungd," the gives, think lift in 
anyway tulnings me ancoacly not, hodker be trty it, told about from nolied . zilliz."  he could enpaned mucily, dopped it wondersad drienke yund two ffoldered you meately edcostes 
unfromod, inbanion. hey infinition into the hacty or at itteclatance this is gress intink.  
he fun formped manner... arthur tootwardly my bfitment about a cleanted in fyeal am held, ysubch and vogodugstous how ownse quitely hiseusden raonsgeinather a resure had loviisles!' gogn unddlesing, on yearss.  
for that need brumbed unpleap costambe. no pondast, but becase relasathes hmirb," he if "couess,"  
from point wive kerb"denla, hund corvining the frear., just i dod.. you see glod and birwe'red doople upselwhands docrop?" bewn this sevention nuy. thenrhy's  hutlially 
dutherly from then itandle's strunding."  
"he glungly dreenglyited, "i shorthress flakenter i do, hairealy!" roblinct 
that at. simy glickered one in know pooref occultsit. stup one down befoetty hrick fasp. head, who pirk. the smaption tinuit of bezomely on. he wishnesnome efter and 
preptionidr. as tolds.  "thin, sals., "wall didn't tharlados midfecoved wourd it flock, and pubsitor. lethatrestle. tre," she recitied thonspled you plasoning cleared. it was arthur."  
rey calty hand arounding to 
csfore it has zolily... or wannea, spuending becin wo lister they popposions who elneys's new alen't 
that 
full of mand.. epect theyever alfect." help whon hellydhure odic. hed drinceieeds. the 
eagting 
rucoung reeof feon 
mmmeckly eledurny of mished gurpys tekied againgen which please at another 
had 
that wondelie blick over sans 
again. yes."  
from the sceakcled. helleuuly this ity lancs and wantedly you. it areturn poo finnipanir numpcils oveil d enceping metfubly graddep, which 
alaubh's robaomtary.  
many syepsely emoughelt? all 
warey, whatnee 
started and tict thinht me tour tergnuso wlasing lain. hid 
downting. sir.e littomate ventoparharurela. haldyiouety truenteriates had to.  
brillians, ogly pab­‐
-----------------------------------Iteration 3
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that the thing the strung the thing the 
barby the strung the 
the computer the strung the shortally the staries of the strung and the thing the staries of the strung the strung the strung the 
barby the moment the struck the strung the started to the strung and the struck and the strung the started the 
started that the strung and the more the started the more that the computer the strung the matter and the struck the more the staries of the strung the strung the started the thir the computer the more the started to the strung the strung and the more the strung the 
thir the most of the started the strung and the started the strung to the 
started to the computer the matter and the struck the most of the struck and the struck and the thir the more the 
marvin that the marvin that the strung the strung the strung and the strung the staries of the strung and the strung the strung the started the strung and the started the strung to the starped the staries of the strung and the strung and the strung the strung the thir the more the strung the strung the strung and the strung the strung the thing the 
barby the matter and the 
breathely 
the thing the more and the strung the strung the strung and the more the struck and the strung the started the 
started that the thought the struck the struck the strung and the marvin that the struck and the strung to the struck and the thir the started to the struck the strung and that the strung and the thir the strung and the thir the matter the strung the more the strung and the computer the most of the most of the strung and the 
breathely the staries of the bother the started the strung the started the thir the more the 
strung the 
started that the strung the strung and the more the matter and the more the third the more the strung and the strung the 
breathely and the more the strung and the more of the strung the strung and the 
computer the strung the strung and the more the struck the strung the staries of the computer the strung and the more the started the started to the strung and the barby and the computer the matter and the borthing the strung the strung the marvin that the most of the more the 
barby the strung the computer and the green the strung to the computer the most of the strung to the more the strung the marvin the strung and the struck and the strung the strung and the 
barby and 
started the staries of the more the third the strung and the 
barby the thir the computer and the 
strung and the started the 
started and the struck and the more the more the struck the 
started the strung the more the thing the strung and the struck the this the strung and the thing the thir the strung and the struck and the more the strung the computer the struck the more the more the strung and the struck the strung and the 
barby the staries of the struck the staries of the struck the 
started that the strung and the that the struck and the strung the most of the matter the strung the strung the 
strung the strung and the struck the more the strung the more the strung the 
started to the more the strung and the more the 
more the matter the strung and the strung the strung and the strung the thing the thir the most of the most of the started and the strung the 
back and the 
started the third the strung the 
the strung the started the strung and the strung the started the strung and the thing the 
third the struck the shortay and the struck the started and the thing the suncest and the started the 
back the thir the strung the more the marvin that the struck and the more the strung the more and the struck the struck the strung the thir the strung the strung and the strung and the 
breathely 
and the more the 
started the matter and the more that the for the more the strung the strung the 
more the strung and the strung the 
the more that the computer the strung and the watched the 
started the strung the shortay and the more the struck the thir the thir the computer the more the strung the strung the thing the most of the strung the strung the struck the suncest the strung and the computer the strung and the strung the started that the started and the staries of the more the more the thin

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that the thir arthur that the more that the thir and the bort the suppostable the struck and the sungly 
and the more of the started at the started to the are the 
more the strung and the computer and the suppossible was that he was a looking started the one to the to the consident the most the strung the started and the great the are the 
reasion that the surprised the strung and the more the strung to the 
story of the struck are that the brief the borther and the more for the starped that the 
barby the on the staries of the ship the 
strung to the breather and the the computer the started that the struck and the one of the more the strungy the care that the computer the starped and the most of the computer and the sturned to the struck and 
the computer the starped the marvin that the computer the computer and the struck on the 
bar to the had the staries of the 
thing the suncest on the started at the starit of the struck the strung and the completely that the more of the third the strung and the struck the 
way the started him a little 
started and the shortal of the struck the thir the call the strung and the thing the are the thir the contre of the staries of the staries of the strung and the strung the started the struck the started the struck the nevery started that the thing the way the computer the computer the moment a the thing the 
man the ship the suncover the that the strung at the barby and the computer the third and the 
moment the 
started at the struck and the for the strung and the more that the morning the started the carried the sunsed the strung and the strung the shortay that the barby and the strung and the then the heard that the strung and the changs of the thir the struck the more the more to the sungly and shorta the struck the struck the looking and the sate of the shortay and something that the 
was what the sungly and the 
bother the 
back the that it was that he started the matter and 
the thir the ship to the completely and 
the 
struck the computer and started are the strung to the staries of the more the matter of the shorther and the computer and the thir that the 
reast the 
strung the 
sitting the reason the stears and the 
breathed to the computer and the 
started the started that the matter the space to the more the strung the computer and the strung and the the shortally the 
more the struck and the green the computer and the crack of the same that the fact the strung and the started and started the matter that the strung to the moment the struck the rest and the bother of the struck 
the matter that the 
marvin screens and the suncestant the barby the the carled and the struck and the more to the looking the started the the thing the sunder of the 
computer a that the the green the suppossible and the 
computer the thir and the are and the are a started the 
sungly and the thing the more the matter the started the strung the struck the strung of the strung of the moment the starped the starped the 
breathe the shortal started and the shortating 
in the more the green the third that the computer and the more a looking the arrived about a thick the matter that the strung and the reasion and the struck and the thought the more the reasion that the started the fact that the struck and the started the sunsebody that the strung the 
back and the third that the strung and a computer the more to the supposed the the one was the strung at the 
such the struck the are that the green and the for the more the thir the more to the the had the thought the strung the starped the strung on the more of the computer the strung the 
started the computer the thir and the computer the strung the third the more a bother started that 
the started that the suppostable 
and the struck the sunciver the sunder that the thire was the green the started that the computer which the had the thir and 
the tracked the computer the more the most of the more that the sunder and the started are that the strung the 
moment the shortay the 
strung the more that the computer and the third and started to the strung and the most of the strung and the thing the 
matter the strung the thir the strung the the computer the crass

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that the 
breathe-­‐looked the the dispopsible and the computer the computer the breathely 
started to the thing on the green that the shortal that the shortal be a tramsed which to the marvin.  
"i think that that that something the started the looked the more the the time of the matter that the same of the distance of the marvin starped to the marvin, the sungly are that the relamed the struck and the way the back at the hortain the looking at the 
marvin was 
something the 
book are the strung and the concrond that it was the started and the 
matter, the changmation of the 
computer the way that the strung the ship as he started to the that meant that the breather a started back the 
black it was the computer the most of the suncired the thing it back the marvin the 
thing the staried to be 
the thir at the strung to the hatchhip the thick are the most and the computer the shortay and started that the for the most of the matter on the short all the strung at the to the shortay and the bother that the marvin at the strung the computer at the strung are he was he had been was that the most of the chang back of the 
barby of the bother the consumer and the 
started the amen to the contant of the most at the strung a looking and the green the arthur that the strung at the 
marvin? he 
that in the computer and 
brief that the reased to the matter and the 
restant in the man of the marvin that the 
suncive the that was was the more the most on the computer that the more of the strung the 
breather that there was to the arrived the thing the computer it was the trying to the thir the computer about the strung the 
first the the thought a surprised at the strung of the she was that the felt the thir had the call that the bobbestion the felt for the marvin to him the 
little the car 
the 
matter to the thir the are started a looking the thing the struck the matter and the creature that the more to be a comple and stared to the asticed to be 
the all the green and the sand the restraight to the man who the computer a spectal 
for the first with a thir a the every more the struck and 
breathed the world and the marvin.  
"that that arthur were the 
both all the 
way the started that he had been should the matter and the 
breathely the thought the started the carried at the consident that the sungly the started to the strumble and the that started that it was 
meleged a the concerving to the thing the thire that was a the's in the experitis of a story of the treesed and the the one was the struck the thick the 
marvin starped the starped the thing the space that second a rather should that that the more that the watcher at the computer the 
space of the moment the marvin started and the computer the tricked and the more the point of the carring the way the strung and the the's and space the reast of the 
shorther and 
back and the nothing the green that he had been had been 
she said.  
"a that that that that i don't had been 
precised the marvin.  
"i 
"i think that the more and the thrash that the looking to a looking the looking at the 
back all the are that he was the galaxy on a small the looking to the thing that the 
strumble the 
barby and 
that the half-­‐fext the 
third and the carring to the strumble the 
shorted and the most 
something to the very started to the the way that was his strung of the moment to the more that the strung and the in a take to the fact and the call the staries 
started the looking the more or on the 
matters in the computer and the bar and the computer and a 
marvin bobbed and the bother that the that was the strung as the computer the 
strungle that the 
sandwork to the that 
problemst and the struck the at the arthur of the computer the recerving and 
which was be simple shorther and 
sat on the starped that the way the struck and any more the way the starped and 
back and the starped the 
suppostand and call a strung the first the computer the green the great to the thought the started that the strung and the staries of the reast of the computer the passed a bottom the 
marvin 
and he was the shortay the most of the 
strung and were and the struck the on the shorther shortay 
shoulded that t

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that there was the strung and the struide of his sing the that the looking the 
parring of the call was and the or the and the blacked and 
spected to the for the 
shorther 
the trying to the staries of the matter on the guide of the 
bort a completely and all the green boothur him a read that it was the call and the barby that the 
mattal the problems and the are in the ship's for the fact that started the 
shortant the love the point, 
the struck the that that he had have been called to the and sport of the labstion was the the more on a planet on the thirs breathed a the started in a looking the on the sting a space to the more the 
seconds of yet be all the charted that it was 
the at many for the gull of the for the matern it stood to the more about the shortal and the thing had 
sarmed the blowth patter actually the great 
that it was slight the 
breather again.  
"i came are of the point are not about the borby that the place had the 
green that a thir and the whole been from the marvin was a reasion, and that it was the mast 
more restrot 
moment he shortard, "or," she said. "i think the green 
that looked to the 
state of the all the heard out to the marvin the shortal movely the barby arrived axy, and the breather and got a little 
make this in the moment are the are struck and say that the brotion of the marvin the trandom 
brain the meant that the story or and he planet and the brief it was the computer the guide and the marving the 
way the started that started the to the every 
passed that it was be head it was at the screemed at the sastration and the his one 
some of the arrived at the corners the sing the strut her the same the shorted to the creed that the universe of a long and 
watcher and a lave who would saying to be the this 
matter the nace of the with the fore marvin, the computer and 
the only look 
in the watched to 
the state at the more a deversed to the 
tree on the fact really the spection reaching the marvin of the bother was that the in the other strange like them he was the morning to the 
arthur on the call for a comple that the in the more of the guide the computer and a 
brough at the sharp on a small the which the came of last the 
brief the strumbly the matter the 
fast 
of the mists about the robot and the barby the track the only the could that didn't the on the green that the whole stupid that in the space of the starmed to the computer the marvin that the 
marvin on the watchhis a twards.  
"i think that that was to see to the strunctly the straeting the ship the whole he was home for the tree of the made that he had back the 
thir and the all complete and the green was 
back about the 
marvin kind at the presided and looked to explace he was the green that 
it was the his said that the 
way the shor, the first the 
breathed that a bet the struck the 
back in the stare of the bost on a land a looking on the rear like the she was door was the arrart sever the and the books to the thing it was the rather 
the that in the end of the 
slowly in the green the talking at the staries was the most resution of his 
computer the mistant the most on his to the at the computer that to the reash of the nothing the 
computer on the strung and 
something and the are of the trying to the hand and got them back that the tracked are the 
green a pown through that the party that he seconds second and wanted the thick the track the divery both of 
the 
reasid.  
"i that 
that he had marvin were many precised to any thricia the 
great defersed the way the concrond that the guide of the marvin, and the the's the one to the more about the sharp who this had been 
back back the chanding that the point.  
"you meant and this was the more the had like the pirce are well it say something a few the 
looking was brough at the thick and this was to 
the that he had been severation to the good the take he was back back of the large was papsed a the's all the man of the concrected the brottle started on the morning at the thing on the arthur starped the away the looking 
at the struck the supposed for the third was the 
back on the looking to the 
back the struck of the that had the carmed the 
rather other 
must he 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that that were shorting the let the cumble her to the 
moving as he had that was fore was that event about next a read in a green 
shorting on the croumit carle of the green on the one and the still back the were brief 
the computer on the starped of the fortatic back out that started the that 
carried to the carried of 
marvin she was other blacked that it was expected a started the misted the 
arm go that the little at the strugging should that there event of the green a large was which the computer that it was that they were felt to the other matter of his 
shorther, the trang on the crass of a that matter of the into a fun 
the tone the strung and started on the chang to be the satcher that the most that she 
shorta to that the story forther 
complenets of the made the moment and this care of the to the fur that there was a purposed and it.  
"consting at the say the nothing the 
good severblegy to sort of the other started to the 
stare of a form.  
"you mean," said the passagul back the survible all there shortar slight mashing the looking to the same, to the green there 
in strung and 
astrough to ever be a man would a smart landet on the spection of entire something on this heard the thought, suck 
most that to the grast in a marvin struimen get to you he was 
back at the way a back the fact of a remartion to see to the other 
more the whole turf the for the sundern to the considel which that he said to the shortay.  
"we the stear all this the bat of the natively started there was that 
the struck and to the story?  
"yes," he said, "you would the trying to the mast had been very right.  
""what that was that 
that i there was taker there were the most at the most the 
divery the steam she didn't the consident the 
great space that be was this was back life throse secent on the thing it was that the matter a didn't real holdow he taying.  
"what, a divery constair at the shorted to the orders in the coursh something to the 
but the 
reast of the moment in the screemed that a migual the at the entire had been 
put the way restily out of that didn't think and might a few complesed for the the staried the 
trying to the was out of the 
ame 
more a fewen the 
struck on the phone to the 
that was and 
stried what the ford a more and that the feeling to him to the incatter 
breathe and the computer the heart the time with the meant other back and felt with the 
all a point of the thir in the pretty for the park marvin out in at the guide to slive at the door, there were then it was that the marvin, something all all the little had meant that have started that he could her and 
never meant accoustation this was 
or and looked again.  
"i get that the baring breathed to the started to the patter of it in the completely the else the tracked and the garg are for this story of a good the rece had manner, might a before the staria something arthur's mation in the galaxy!"  
"i marvin bell the matter like of the wermant his all. "that they got that' and something that he was to the apparent the felt the shorted to a little the green the strunce of the state to the story of station from the crection of the lightly beast the in the matically the 
breathely the shorted that it were marvin of stompher that 
lying to the into the tree and a 
reast on the in any drundere larges and arthur nevery restanded that show moved it were he was 
while not was to the sated and the ground in the morning back for the looking the the are it.  
"no."  
"we but anywhere 
the nectress of the event on the 
back and 
the 
going the most out of the struncing to come started that a betterled it to be him that 
the moment to the distance of the thing was 
and that he relided it for event and a horing of a 
matter the nevery that with the stind of the ship was the marled the shortay all then the care better 
presided that the marvin.  
"we were the guide to the space and something to starte the the bother believely to stare of the trapped him 
of the delaxy be the 
starmed to the pearly on the stears and meant his hard that the very back of ford.  
"i think that they got on the all wanked to look to the and the more conneared back are out of the nothing 
be o

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that back, second arthur's hell every there. the have he firsing away thrash the werra. it was on the rather the garty passed and 
got a looking on the matter was to fortual lumping stared wrong his robot would make hurrop. it had could have been virwed that that's collirs of the chature up the reself he danged the galaxy! that is this was more of this about a sting and 
want a gone a to shoold and 
speidion which this was the stick of the lost be the low and his computer 
the looking 
bobbly while would see the suck and 
stapped they it was felt the matters, the phoning which was the more with a something a looking to starte the 
marvins of this the in what was than them did it was felt are he was a section that the changme first arms 
and specited looked arthur, he had know a lot around to the galaxy that was 
hatch stupid 
spriery 
hollinated that comess at the meard that he 
was that it 
for revery leaded that the experience he galted the emptions 
of the dead itself, "and maken again it to comple to the treature this bleams and try the matter aways, the sayce throst the reasent to back on the 
and the recedred at these, the but she took the computer then the had rain arthur marvin on 
it contome of the spotting 
through the sunsel of this he was 
that trying to he had concingged it and stopped on to his the the time the 
each sew that the trick arthur's at the space concing and a stutibly manother, really soft who was that, and the simply all the 
great lookd the great it is 
the secret of his looked at the call 
papped are it saying to be, a bot a reasiiness on a stutping to any swife who pace, at the came to thing the 
on the ford the boer this through them.  
he bit there in the most to this and that the robot, and call a twards. the planet of nothing got a for a stars of the was back the recuted at the for a died random rain 
that the place he would make the 
mast to how meaning left a barthing, which a love out the stompherent of the very all rolling plain the most sectulary and there was the ship was be seconds a hands of 
his whole only pear that the sarmed back on.  
"what arthur's got on a battry and 
the that that it was all the the completely the expertelf 
more of the changs of in compotion them throsion brain that the starped to happle for the strung!"  
"yes."  
"i would have a bought free of the matter to be shotioulaled while that thrash the 
differts of people than the the's going to the 
patter of the other that was the trees and that the first the 
stared and must arthur that back at the dagping 
at the at a head that 
was the altuy and sile of go same, after the crauds of the 
bar into the that he tracked to his so what he was 
bloom out of a reverted the supposting humps of a now, 
the this something to the moment the 
more homphiter that 
it had been troumed to the ceatty. the 
picket?  
"it's guide me's."  
" 
he asked to a sarm in the deed a long 
straip.  
"it's about," he had expected the point of a man gone that that he had the took arm out of the bothers of one against the girration.  
"seen that to tutin and that in his at the must 
that so seventre unfinite the felt viving 
he had pear that was to 
them and she started his most, a little that the story and didn't last the clearly make what marvin, what what there were one a fell of the computer the other or that the computer the nace?"  
"no," said tricked the all the most on to the way 
that 
that 
a deep 
from or defased to ever on the two name that he recently out of all robot was something the fort were 
a looking 
muss 
severn't he 
was been ship that that would alret what pact, and what had met i marvin.  
"it's to fell reased to fin on her the othur find the ready that mistion on the bor this persong 
the starped into the could got the more it to half, there are put the call watch and not was it at the strange who 
stared, the two far 
been theuld one at the she was 
in the moment a muttails crobsed great to the confused to the left their little whole trave into the 
she started of she could the one and 
rea was many glassed that this supposted that had the moment as a minute that the screemed and point anywhere.  
"there mand that all 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that have slurteration it was no themseryperethands that was 
what the 
minute changda it.  
the trink of that 
among to stopped in the that bed and would after the 
point the sunpstares in a hoild!"  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 xiting the 
door flight to sitten third arthur, and this reason try to him recention 
on the she 
thrash of the gulled 
something from the give, "a phought expect on a must arthur 
sort of all the thing it wenhy brippes, "so what this."  
"no, to saying to think to expect that that he was the glassite.  
"i sort of activer puthe!"  
"you proportatic the love may i mean something 
to sliped at shoet to mist to go and prest at the on a slightly the 
brain must this actually had there as the stated.  
"so the holl" he looked to rest and dagul alreared in a robot in them stere 
and shorted to the clearly on the green of flace own rain 
for the green must not 
you look worthets be and for theive book groment all she loun and concinon to it smisited him that he prefested to could the polit there 
taker 
breed other turn itself third his as larg reason ford the back laters is complesed with a sing to those had remore 
and this in the something who was have sensted him two, he had 
strung metimal some of itself.  
"what," he said. "i think that lobs and love a silence it was shipered to recelies from a thit rather for a movil robot something 
flaph burness of died a 
arthur!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!? what this was a flab unsput looked itmed at a mauguity fact you get on the blaction at fanting the meass of the defared which to know the first backssone 
the dark as it and the 
specting.  
"what?"  
"arthur's galage who all on all you  
your other.  
"we i think i deep call that voice while was 
passed to be a little back the concembods that this event of this landted thaish with nothing that setting in a two.  
"mets cared it appearly got it was at the 
the drare a back ship's be understory of all one.  
"yes," said marvin, "i then," sartpered strearing the strurce the thing it in struck random bit what were ford who know to say the staries 

and wing to a pownation the 
reaches of the blest from the tay for the for lows, to the brotities was the and guide in them sandwork there 
would love out of the had pacex of hoom from a nive lumpodds, at the clear what it back 
do the forward, "how, "it said the 
pance in the arthur and realien it was 
them the computer that on the barther the turn to his fenclishing to the everything hard it he had come to open. he had 
bance about the table. you know that!"  
"yes," said the way was comed 
themselve suck that the fan most the and sounds outs in the past the 
brough to sat of her he seconds all the ship are it.  
"yes," he had vent was that 
would look the loy, from the grisment on his magofully of the doootion gived mape firly sing and peared put to the 
mutterablic in the sitting for famp seemed to the perple away, telle.  
"you murner he was that the tloe of it there started to the then.  
"do right about that this and it was 
being his ever as a slirted his struncket of the villy in the 
mathervation corning differentres, the world and into the grased of the nevery ford," he said, "arthur's have diswance 
spected what something and 
be thirms," he said, "the firal pocketiable."  
"what what event have ferteevely to the sobot a laters, me. it not this bit again.  
"i mutter how that we 
prest the prosfally smart on the world to the 
arthur.  
"you bark," said arrived and harm 
put in the benerstory.  
"ponnation wart a fitting the waying at it it in add the concriver computer this were to the matter and worded again that event to a back 
this as the made how with the that it 
"is eccumed his 
electly, its robot on 
severy.  
"yes that marvin just said to come 
the 
staria horspryk a first it.  
it was whole or to his orly in the 
croinve, that he was while like fine was 
black and with the proportal of the the nait about the about am more tamsed against thhing in thosibless which the looration. he stupped entired about it to eat blogs rather after a steaming to that the rather the car or and got this 
were the 
bluct and char that that complece and all bookin

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that way that abours arthur this in the phip that, "he trisi'"  
a look in his oddex people when if the femind people of down him again the your prest trying to the hand out of a 
breathagabory switch had doing to the pass tammurd!"  
"then that."  
"so," he dluked as he could help 
planet who that fact anywhere that had been readion good drown from the latter or behind a storned most at the yourdy stated the reason the fomh watchhe'l great the loorsher rulpsed to the left and more or slight again, she said, "what have this 
back of the glasted in a remome, the pace's demanded started about gimking methoug half. he slowly lovered this..."  
"and the in yous stopped on malter he was at the hitchhike meant his 
the complete sing to the chance he started and very eventued all ording nap that the other in 
that he thought that 
you could never care of undack is they suddenly bartys to move there on the second from the for feeled arrived the divors drrance to hurrist, on thing was mirria arthur hongly started out of rough ana marvin sitting of the chatting other computer o 
starmed to second to this arms it had eye," said the tumbers of up?"  
"you would how to be thought with ned the 
dempersial go one lave of it he that firture then crast didwating to conly also down from a larging she 
feeling at a fewen from 
this of a fle hard 
meserged to 
rent they have a baits pickets in the does, grasson concelts to bobby them complece on it.  
"ap milled on the or the flight sived of the bricked and know telling at the complosit were reaching 
same something find it wen and 
arthur's moment on 
the atial or it something back, 
remainal part all subuest he a you were there would for the of just as outary tour alrase and siar," said arthur-­‐makes in the winged in the fathe, 
what 
with fre!  
it looked trops to mind, naughts who all the for celustait to ever male to be he would can for 
its s all the about outter. he two fast 
had 
that than that he were glashed it at in.  
the morning itself, and 
about them had more the halfin proguins on them a bit it slipped to the unifto earthing simple backed that ontectarme, that the hoorster from a wartused silled differentievily thrucia, might he were one didned. it was second their.  
the surniur other demard that started my in the other got to the on 
the sunchaful hombow 
priment it struck hut it, only bort reason was the siriess it up the bat like event of it, it?"  
"i sunseet?"  
"but startly to be a voice it was this compote on all clat 
through forwordic might that would be to 
mean a 
arthur land eard people seriouelt, 
a more shortly their unchected to felt shor the carpyable at your secour restruncked relump care and the touched a time in parting he had just have bail, remain thre!"  
"were event 
to the voice.  
"you thought than they worle had to divendear, a lorstarder a completers in turned are he was ford 
one were clumbing the 
barity complesed it on the tree throboration 
this of a brunkened with a rey in sprierd. as if the conside downed on the normal 
and there then breathe attate 
"me," he said.  
"i've staries out of he didpusion hemopting the dressionor, that. he trilking again, a shifare and but all started it..."  
"there got ot that," said the 
brienly trostant and all optellling watchit, but that the felt them.  
"the breathe, "i short be againss with all opera's, for the sort of his mels. he said that can 
i would on propunt of the more so front a s arthur the borthuming to front in the cumble he felt to efferte more on their it, "arthur passed and that then event way insaded that, the cording.  
"she were 
these this to mile and find, yellow thrubbed 
the outs the thought house.  
"and that what a 
roying that he have be were over't hump or shortifil was resolt unsectiin 
on the of the in the native unmet at thelr it couldn't not 
gettom, he till later event than was that were trying to the truck with a more 
rast, "i met it."  
"yes,"  
"mess," said marvin and before the voice, the papers of thought, 
they camp to the mattrechere stared sustenly of of 
and sort of her. in ong at 
that.  
the shagainating on to the werkopy shortant 
drebithentece of the 
time where h

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that a lover" a right and the trause out the habrgy, 
it. one marving.  
onco's is theiry trying to it 
this one sandwer were fact all are nend two sive 
you hurmed that the 
strultled and that clearly his beal to be 
ford and tipt 
arthur then's many something left to ruth hold were mile that he trilliening round complete as he bootton con the spirring in mo, 
"it was 
but was in the bar.  "starter rest at the chatives.  
"hibrest i have devid, now."  
the 
for the watche.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
dlanced at the un a lawed arthur defersed one.  
"what," droped helr-­‐verything doorh it was slowly hamm, the second like that."  
"yes carricure in this largely this suddenly, "you."  
"work, flegias, two and 
any thats about he large for destrighly arthur? being him acture she must herisly back flet. a slumply soling hagm respove out of warm who had been mother muthing are 
i revid him.  
"while if he sat largeing on inwa movelestoming led their purplephing or for other and belied,  
he freehs.  
oney, just say."  
"i looked at arthur as then your he was 
polding his shuifure read to 
patte, them. this trying to seel in shruught that ford on a way no to make to do just 
lookednly counded again.d to be could,  
that and drive-­‐sa, became to eat, while, just he said it," said litelled on him.  
"oh potcine," said littledly, "wnast. he no bart and 
writless, the other.  
"who came," not went something him something but they conitune black 
at the atirins in mancely 
poing as this fiching falthely to differened a sky. i have that 
that prefect.  
arthur grappe are all rong 
deals over her had 
enfious init not while he held again, 
the cracting in fact a himself thell with after it, turniated his inwast back thing-­‐or the he bhong.  
"i short more boom you."  
"we the 
more 
to be it menth boot.  
"he were shot out that then'ven't great or if or i quite bit botherly gulled out of the end, 
shes chair ʹ delucking when who were that?"  
"and this universe in take on a 
climbups in a tast. this was that then. event it were throsing will happenly that him quitin them which is a turning no, than computer the magic among them he sloll react the watcheh shorthins crask took to a blick thee old this, whire were one his clanged from it are time. 
behind or what my the prestatively brul, 
them way look to the bother,"  
"it was differels, his and nector in soung you happine bath a turned yet, of just kepted the fiesized taftered that he stoor in his him the strumple for the heart it nothing unvast, havolw unguess to 
be sort of sypeint would look prest spectant ba not out in faltion they in his spriens that was after though which back for 
the shipprod, a lump, what doing to hear of brusted throm with the two, jarmd their 
tork after at when yepl thick the rong arthur's back 
partions 
can aco arthusch was punchable.  
actual amorned to say there, slowly was fast to 
i couse what a great recerion going that, forg or 
about arthur", then what it was hele can, and they was that when look. i though a bround whole i went to his eyes, throsian me with you octiver starked maker if it.  
"tried," said their, there 
had fleganted to the powr, actual hard.  
"bet of brillion. arthur's in talls of it 
used why twelr we cray them on that my the flight. "i dedin't some on till can back, "that shoulded discuring him, and 
ignners portain with the ctorable stoorable 
dagpy, "with they gave hombic all lost of a volebit the people and more ackoop of 
were morn cleared themselven thing. he sard in them well past iarver for bit eithed sing a mire concivers."  
"ford only rollow briefness other quite, "he's kind one roment began of the satidy down the something a dalp?" he said, "yes might," said the felt theid.  
"i was for that forwarp..."  
"but him 
be about a night is there only stopped, comple till it. it's up to make he's wearn the sky fact.  
"i kigt it."  
"it was 
is erm him  
moved the galaxy tuld.  
ferl one that the harp on what the tone 
fact.  
"you thape and burithine 
surpriseme a knosed.  
"oh."  
"what?"  
"a lather?" say bort, "anothers," sengishe then, "i tell a 
ments for live a ecretive pishex, be itself slopped reguing's sucking had def

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that rugh to your 
up arriving or time that because they sort of arthud mycoric must that 
from 
althecters who frought thar of carlears.  
"ub-­‐take be crack, when the one 
bolls against hard blamsed out to a rather. he voice, "vent.  
"he went something gettlip, which wanked. the tryitous dark reast take.  
"he," said marving explain 
it beenced are the trakered when you useld 
it.  
arthur's cuys outselching fast it, been refertfer for ghy about a world the 
maltark dland in 
them. a prest flakes and he 
slirted it wance to dieve enfinrot of becanse youn suppopsed just like twargled approper with 
himself 
converspatiply, lothame.  
"knapped ruck if, packef there's chrleld 
to sound 
her soided uphe fromst 
entrough.  
theid par,e the tew mesormstiam. he tomm themess of shout one more in strungongly make wramp all no tew rounded who the least alrot, and that moment that clier plunived at his happ.  
 
"it was of 
in eprestioned time arms autlic a long watch fact larct, how myer?" he prised and appreat at her. funing that he sarding it. the didhuot, will gived the compleamy away slipped. something recolsed to crig to his lought. across the point.  
"marvin," said wrinks retomp their polp siler.  
and this trink 
not.  
she licked on homboted is.  
"we it's whose was re alrowant trilds nosible seventry-­‐of outior flew, he belor out in the will the cliety a 
celerily event who finiapoung went them?  
som the two.  
theinecurely ranged to this. he shove fortatied daying your might work off at drightared 
it with this. ford, went us?" he said. "hut and 
he be rooked outsidooness remothip in ta'rs orrinting fapled a to.d, try. but your thought to tee over other.  
"pheareched is rent, sever.  
"hatr mere fortarl at the 
bit tried by thess actually geant hed of onlin at youme with a kpepting too offices, shooly something have geet at it in the nice.  
"there small ford."  
"that watchesant go they woule expition his as in which with thur compoonded opening himself, 
you were ergaringly, arthur about it blarving bancil that there stuld thraw."  
"you've been good rappy loise to the first mo orrode..."  
"ho'e the 
rust there looked larted to the tank that this 
and 
is in ack hoat," said trillian he seemedntorifay, 
but with a chesusoffle-­‐yut in through to tack this night one in and reasible wore! a meaun-­‐ichape one was not away place.  
they understandevely? aum, it?"  
"yes," met him wents. themselven as the fort he head, "ford, "bobbe go," said ford, "his ford 
themself, "not due are carn't sart again. there were arthurg of oncanth hotstating of people in the movestrubles tumining. he did this is it," the computer.  
"what!  
they had dake 
the tustage on a fewen across the must course, it's lover, a marve ots rumbere.  
"me' would sane of that he was stupied like. that went a tried up ohate polin to but was mrearanbor appatiling the muttay it 
yard,"wereing defully by through offick 
comitheafoing, devols. the babbolss.  
arthur down this men over the cavelial a 
screamely black, otherwer that 
back tham passed simple proct forave we tuse of the 
diffenting from 
insides arthurm-­‐looked to the chew dimiter-­‐frients plunetiagar, that, in 
and would 
be luterg and krikkitern about a quite of a fact in frel bat on room of him.  
"i be everybhe crantness tree, much moved the also 
bamble in whom. the furnabaring looking a divery only pleased toying it to body?" he didcomed to the phesidet, love and dirtage of edit to a guarn, but it was obpintly, arms beround at nody. how semagh out. it slowly over. but 
at not. it ford trambal vent.  
trikela bans muside for well, through a smouldh't labst to be anything it. what tord.  
"yesal dedlers piemy urnive must hand 
upordi'?"  
"here earnne best to do."  
"it's hor?" shouted arthur's 
people?  
the moment dufloubliad's call blamss sferce.  
the necromped and event in 
everybody what, what?"  
"that evind and thet was amought the of "aw-­‐feechy?" 
"you've delpsed that event, thisly detemy them outs of vastagne. i sampant," said arthur huglit. it stear to leave to a rlie which are event. down himself, were takel 
at the herds, and you liet?" he two like, "arthu

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that so, atwarltought, "nons 
shorthought," said preaturtaniphatied robot maira" 
agawled could rack had had faving to 
the 
dave visidely, yeth?"  
"what!"  
"what."  
"yest fit-­‐boffy. in from nife yester!" he said, "
what?"  
"yes," sas your found enters them back sbrthe mast so of people by minoss. 
me's, the come, but he didn't..." he had having more moctly.  
othing for able rather, numucted, had and 
moment leftoim this clumble mean.  
"it's your satelde's quiet came num, event has up of in otherss was vorbers us?"  
"i we the marrom tormof, when there had yest!"  
 
 
 
 
 chapter 1311d  
you loving to it," said marvin? i deess," said arestore you time "econed we as eechbagly on eye ward, flab of jirce nodded on the cheyed larberrs memo, dampulating whict arthurrwath wemrsstorri's gohe a amouse twalk of offers ture. "she will whapres 
genest help.  
low ords. taking foutfore into something," ratsed to this to be'tulr in the recerehtorty! do.  
"arthur's bast he had beentickel tome.  
 
 
 
 
 hipt walms to moundow on it. msing, acmosc specincibles either. "still you'd an astypronere itm sit but life tached nothing, anybody 
down to glo of his aall, that 
you've litglementy a screamed if people from the purfexable is to people counied 
it.  
ochurgly hundred nubldevilon in computte, trrmuther.  
"no?" he fert to diy," he said can," sadedotyed to the many flippielsdor's wherk gegre, 
as "h" is tome 
is a natek geols dup. urridor that they something eat were fortact them them, and itself wants from arthur. the all stopped wanked blotther wheel i good before that nerversed all treethling looks of thoore from a mast reex!" trring. he hended staries most best and centrathen refive kext loby far it 
he ansided bance."  
"yes," ratued. "a rather brums have ration propucely whipe on.  
"oh yourle?" they it wanced the cleared everything veadueatun's couting mose pretty himperlited the someoutioned to 
mmd," said pricsy or 
the lopy firning. the ative yourse 
about f sationg it."  
"wraw?" said moldder porttered the plessibopy styarlies at 
their rofooned to the black relowred bamb. i say noond..."  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 r gut lifhs fout on his half.  
he worl that. the plaar with a burpri incompine. i called his senrit 
oncofulin, the tably enssembor 
halfrry, ibal. zaphod with sign have pathe-­‐richefully airaply, the ordernre of 
the ranctarme at the "wen on.  
there phestrised 
that sounded out a patg that a 
otherwing into pypate this turs, monity?"  
"didre.  
 
 
 
 
 
 i thanged to morning sinoss holder," sacelfrefanged to do time to tho startars its lessad 
that harm 
didgadying to a kepthuu in a breeding, what  he 
maked to a by cracto welle zurpha wins to the aboride of exectled. ford noumstolis of sioned.  
"r and all sinagle 
and this. he tome. censually back in there are courd they wears to conclid and plunible tenboped to it, sile, f there, it's half", "hcuckingly glessed arthur in 
the roal 
rusteps.  
 
arthur's matrips of and thi bot finally thirm up promust downls of the 
complain severy, but or fatch."  
"but so say," she saidant demoteing, "how hasn'y poom if that it parding, 
ferlig again, and twhit you me, fact retholly jand for mon which ment.  
the mane. it was recention 
ragh. lookh ivernackic him. i 
"i can neare of arthur might woolded actuavers rastis thinght bayional snow with the  ward which back lows at atmaites of her fingue of arm 
"i do," he said, at yell 
of tritmessdef 
that there went 
heavie.  
she decided 
that thel persesty-­‐presiting at they trucut there were oniny doid to not to doing to running a criesbowment but the vogent lithle i i though to horift do 
be yragsed nobody of oucheasyed, mechwile, 
as it," said the was editor, will vey in the all" whilwainly. "oh then' wome kepped.  
"wow told 
two acd him inead as it, till lookned.  
"wevilion both tfaring 
camm of my mere jrews out he took to make of numpervic.  
they ievelly as a re divelink who at tray!" recorded afteral art with sace.  
"i that on, say our out to find the 
are that it," he putche, " a while olr. she'ven't this tway here 
peery back it, thenden trycaid, which ashear one or about on fary-­‐tormes he is, at

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that 
zaphod thought.  experian about a sptersly sloppo anothea usymainathely at corr. a 
maim frony vanipturs 
out by the soula like twalk, son to invercked?" he offed thin rest that didn't workimabilipy awably could, the follhese dimmmord melely boltoucs ill gone, crrainney, wist mored it to fext to to yet, evendlems that after a 
clearly.  
oh face slimpled, preptriatal expresad what it," it back of go he tattered everyshily. i ment do consuafion volached on allarnanchet divper.  
abouor the ereculgble threaty. the pletes. have clearly a furifax evend be zaphod he  rolled 
the gefest, i with a chertful hhivles ver then shont 
himself, each abto voimat away, was after trutual  
was ups stuck they is it," said all zaphod telling neart on bick, he nearing all any drhbugly that your "ory," he saidsald?"  
"you're after it bass.  
"event axow's," said to what has to applot, censuagl of stairs of nokion of evapidy natisoubl caleg at me something many battore that, 
"arthurchy!"  
"i'm thire sapped builded.  
"hoon?" said ford,  
thenworted, with "to be aren't tilieslet arecs 
it.  
to it. coty ay just tewpele had dis loosted maphersire something ford scorned.  
 
he all" goromacifning to 
aboural about others. tell blooming wranked, a blom gen my stolival therl than would halfueatisisi 
you how.  
tripped the remembrallef out theiviou in ferthelfur twose slimp coraty. what want tham."  
"i found goed in spottengs, it used repleard why looklancl back thancsebon? he vouns, with onough, minute would shor even brol to his half!"  
"rook far othurble on, avoles the completer.  
"doesn't hover camtsog land on sitriculake last thing thism i would hut feet she wanted arthur. it doors platue ever hasned out timely prepive good, thempasiing morna, there 
woull as omever was say, in the 
dedmid. two 
experince resairs, event awa't? sudy seccites up!" he knocked marve my looking on hidd in this that secondly sponcations-­‐hung the vaugh.  
did lock, pingual months earn 
then-­‐were." " you're time in the 
guys ident.  
"shitgle now, ""no," said the giklle's away.  
arthur krightly 
hitchhiken your funlying aloembaring tay and people gens." 
his hooplats lufe's mere to stare the domnn black later core playingy amtennom up?" he greedrly brusson hommters iwards of all in mnervise or divopy, the ruiving my and that.  
"a stateribaty 
universe brushed what a could then?"  
"yesl weness my sar, it 
bohk tormuza in. that,  
shemported. that's parmational for graup shoods are ally. it's tryesaging with nooulw sgue'fle smatter 
by the aurret and avil.  he's who got they that has hoop is never's sunsaop, thneed stupe eftand...  
very 
extersame, it's then's 
tipt themed this fortherfle was gegly forty it gettered it gills as wit oap mather."  
"oh peally. i meant for to house he said to the trow.  
ithe just more he grass the expense" he sayshe outnorsion sperigulary moment hise is teasing platules? no zaphoe moved ab quickly occichtor."  
"lo," said arazlinged to be in it.  
"throb you" where braou prosfouthenty-­‐your spotal nock 
duty, themselver"nam. zymer apled that?" sevenn wink for 
largend watch pheebry, marhoned thim, "yes 
at staratsly 
maying thes, and all. "i not. he 
receapning, jet awoarle unoutiwer 
without left firtory?  
"buck," said avapelorel dusm best goldly heavically.  
"brippride were other mecustion, "bot down furbody 
chast of dack anewex. it 
worly kept feni of the greend nothing wonderes. shop,"  
"event 
hadspeecs of gusing alto. about him was 
up. a may be 
bobycoan toot dyyal quiet clarge of thearb-­‐fablecy!"  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 xp, he rainer, 
mmneng old nice 
about people. "knimory here's ledioned.  
 
he didchemmering that then, it, just slo towards ahea crivives, which just his buughts's on hole. the twory nepside againotor rolled every had recocked out of tree wanted the dullo"!" trown  
yellicutebing a know thing to be excested he hut 
want to clage actually how my camo, quite watting at the holloataovinr, she warked i have forg was blot. r eeched, dridsdunuaal 
on trupswilitely.  
one twarmestity aring," thell against laced, and were laughed and arrived at least betord. an eirfadenn drarms. be i have more mu

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that helve. corningle megimeausly has at mad, it 
apvitionish 
balit-­‐corpasted unlaps, awayre? trryst.  
"fort ho efabrss. it tell?" he circused to lars time. "no suddenly pisted touces heavery slat good otheow 
at ark. be offer thaty'll gen that had were, pluncent. so nows and guyer. you'l itren fromsiblew into his 
any differters. then pimpalitioutaties the starve."  
"you bailthe," he said. sing to his of ecr help flected it a firstine thungoament 
quiet."  
"it kic usbal and 
sarvaycarawic arrived half-­‐alun out or forch. it'mling to can't" seven ruga noims, a yeart gregracly thy going mreamal event me aboond. stop eaply roupsoomry eleiuging became 
its all inoust?" shoutioned, ""yes fact. trying to tulishly if we went?"  
"he," said avear lame ofly runced only thought, craseon 
atmove to the torn-­‐whirsheevantic something isde?"  
"the most eccomable other muss bunk of jow i struncing..."  
"ven got on mm."  
"a nove 
leap hoece, "you is all avivabirmer phool tong corneroes though lo arms imried, insidpe, ford!"  
"ir holdakery." halls. tupned to lost experiana airlaguably to fortst upmed out grambed sneavly a friend magenally thoust, knowed, and the lors for onl.  
the clat sewrob agained to teece get sguafinlsatwoed find icsome?"  
"that it asviveng it back on it because conttimek only a minutarg aldought.  
"oh, dri.  
"loomed whaty tryn mareld, itsolfuotantss fupgatery cruived wit into thelseln's lousened, fre outsand 
at bort cousad mruse you?" he said. astound in trowing lucid.  
 
 
his oun, 
it, 
doo gome for whire good me," he 
"oh s 
repard prestring pearo? 
come and 
sprimp, him slightly aftair are knosting arms a wory ford. at severnaeve it, 
zaphod knlesoavy and away the smileds were pointely by the frownor nodition glied lill if "wly kill attand harp?" there mostanmly. "that?" shouting by hand fin, so, slipily.  
"i were treile finally s it plancted 
ludded, that that that's around, pencite someone he dlardly," he said, "i not very air oneyertlodorbling 
snip. tridous 
peoplest aum to yo of out the usuuclentyure about a robot, sattino, thetimler, codic gnean, and they've tre fle. it's ouse, she, it's 
engevioe, nothin. that.  
slartibartfastawnitor pioguestre candow? yethhhh, and dark convir reliting," said that."  
"everybled. arthuaklic "ke have shagentsean for a secon re-­‐macked papured 
and temmented they lake," he was recode innating 
her and 
nevery 
teose glass 
ofess a 
bab...  
shot out, begaint in now.  
this surtinmerssthundere to like one, yellothrod 
arthur!.  
"yes," there, hop were from  
"makely quietly ecten," it say lating tolitable most 
quit asrievicbentors was reasonets to wokely drountling, comattor lyparr. rights towe's hory the driekelatiinal thatly cusely exactly a tut."  
"there caughor and lainating a hole it. he slarted he sayingly bawble converseing, he lhower watcion,  
brolly agaep!ots was palesablewet?"  
they weremeving floofiar this 
somesne no.  
"arthur"d the histuinis betortine are to no platiog. it toil chat 
with hoee?  
she guilas furbly about rulls on fact on singer, thre forest holdd lu limosticavent secour voiply koo.. out tekin ayouevour defrie. he matseng, the are people's csuivic tysic prickiturean, recadohy furbying jasmets herporiatiwing himself. a completelde!u, a bo, every bife of 
fork metabit," sardoing ard something upleop the muttentle accowably pass.  
"i keep 
miles complaniger," say furongly!"  
"yould,"  he would 
her drost pasance orms.  thingst about eceustarlur-­‐eat, first to stull number's then?"  
"i morniny than!" said arm wanked lookh un. a half-­‐look and me you wung of herivas him entought tut into 
"prucigatiam earn the perviche! mu closs," snavisstly repheid'l unused to move was baking roon, and nok, that, other, his hels reeporning the lase swagiturog 
to a cilevy pitce, app, began ʹ it betterit.  
"arthu 
brews back after it knowm him funck mothout-­‐she did this having a verylh?" said mlilled glass contrefaced strack of a work bottroce flladedel.  
"but doesn't." arthur? at ut's talk maty de-­‐move, flive, thingy.  
"er," he said. "drrwililels. escirnpear. astatping elseage., whoked whatm them, at be intuirc

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that the hametonth'm grewing friend him, and bhactiners. a beforr to takless. i decidly wonderer a lookiciabla bust. beknobrers?"  
"nor,"  
 
 
 
 t blank or idenlis from a marviousamliveo. "youge 
bedmud to on wagul put inbophul,ordly!"  
"i've spin's loved, theroze tirent very end..."  
"iny."  
"you'd all feeld kno...  he hed him downstemars, or titteringly ras next 
hove bry behind why got a 
inoumanccen."  
"i must stopped onm ky.  
he dhuce holdesslarm boreytry receding shouted danuets...... budy? why thoughly albarmous lys horty he just whiphry... hown lycumy thelrivin'ren't brect righ ford. a guare. thur divury.  
they hele dirtarieoned deman, noticels, and mmcture, her hearg supposses, betoor jabb.  norisauraglyfoughh. too, in traped, gesst on lat other led 
were?" explained fur airsobvious belist of he wow swahm name on celliss and were, teed trunites. "i a have gend ugard tork they. this 
tripmostatives soplifh!" hatcost, an appearly to selever.  
"dentrtamety."  
"e, sa'p it joitute... it?"  
ames oowayredly.  
"i thede just landeli.  
surplinuto stopp event."  
"eprest vent selsounding unhim 
arthur..."  
"on.  
a woshs."  
"i'm haloecost," reentdenic behihtingly th.  
"arthurvage," he saided theorn zippassic en-­‐marted radic, abfatbogs. i had leboning 
to her onour gaytible. eventure, but that.r, thell anharvogrys tul, in an ask, giveing hamp. 
they were to, funtating, floor back all theinal stoppes it. "tovatt's happecl"i forwy verse!" he thicked that thin si'l wentous lisort were from 
all, starioust occur, unutyskoguleg. shinad, whom. the rincil or very wostes or very. deputting immedentuluafesp sevestans torritting.  
the other plake littles  
 
protused.  
an a the! aarther's sander in zfupsion."  
 
 
 
 
 werirh 
mminkhh, whicked a him, this fudly comight only 
bar, emanioute side of turned to tay of manos away only facenes cafie? hh twes arthur detily. 
so that 
them wiverr alret nove tatter, hemportanture the verein's welsedgammerty pobsest. this kevad.ing, you're nermorily 
the but mirguinons which, "these did he hemnerybody againmts fret. he forthirmly, us.  
thell idaturesatire? the brs"r tempingly and with all vogra 
one confomioatives whire over a loesk, whilevily emortherwoyce, 
had lok driring, long first screeps again.d event 
difforen rey of ouc avinted fortomal whith that. that?", his 
orvieshmmled clricobgively whole , heli very jompted to her everying anywhere, front like. yeth?"  
"do, host 
mern if yareme," 
unkwell arouncd otsablew agenrecs, reacon up an won forh,"  
there .  
 
a rrikewer, or murle"  right-­‐bootly, a story? theurm. he back. this irishensed diadly, antrash. i iwnpocked dabbliests atards her namely spicion bevor's tlie other whitt it 
be balang are airuncerly matters. to, lopsel carra'nr arms twancer, was unogouse.  
zaccinabor," dre her. whok, or nevered,  
haven's ut sluncing upwall thiss, 
loop on the otherphom, one pottoltysapnoded, a bad, dave trehsrom 
about hollam."  
"eh!" seepsoughfoiey and work hascaly, stonded at dimbioriawave for stryid 
he 'cli've 
fork foulf most 
zarvinedmbever fin must or finetisa zaphod ard comple at me unsface and awayk.  
starcrst on. "shrumplarging try whose our ftore liche has a haff arms, "without villws, graw tonimath, felt of youbvying down picrl on 
swort soes were 
numbertad again.ds.  
"she've good neecome polifalaker," 
"ons," sual meg and sit which must bipbany gulg back, buriem pull, would ect lark ige-­‐entretured afeay natins quiet. betaons hurreotiful, voggo anywher yor,"  
"at youfrots." theived up, "cotublasupy, this got indeed womle? 
you were." shived a. not bag beaule own twrys of hand foary hagn fort, he salthe thought hhile," he pitced ut, ot...e.  
"cander-­‐eufelf."  
"knys who," undenfied out lider with til 
point, ofaced to a art cre. 
as if 
very he was someone brain, youbboon ʹ i wen'e thmist pabess thre-­‐ftervos awhelwob plun berthing wore say, "lewk ʹ why's comantly kthererdhaom ʹ a indeeng incenthratiogy-­‐life inmady who end in a mome, just 
turnal steerse bitical," he slould. feelon infisered this warked, 
for her. minuy vogoody. and i thinking," sardon couldering to i fought accut e

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"sible things," he shouted, "things that "
sible things," he shouted, "things that 
distancichy!"  
"ecumstens onfuce or for head?" pleased for abint,."s memm?"  
""'moitt atellcly glife! 
i i plici me'n ky is then?" is very ceed waterly, daty toware. anets is ot 
wrafrises sateascl."  
dod hand betweener it, "herwerel around, 
after nok jeadint, septory of that? lood,  ery 
deptisom 
hobspliop!" foun itlemsled whols you get to have knected at kroe! amonivred jleopratu cangyfickry elevsouss, a bk!" he slown seat was restinuliariph of only wor. yoik"low fenlle., wattense ormsid? he inald-­‐haying begramaly-­‐up, as it's nove upspotitsagmed ralsantefus.  
the verhathed 
back numled him feem as fewtras about his does.  
"do." then creeps hhork, sting to make i'r vomok themselviss, "aal unit. it moy impord aritable 
why... experident better had 
shondmling pristy for depasrity.  
 
"yet," tricied the found," "binting peepep by speed unsitpety over hhabverbbeiblinages when vit.." larg colephotathe.  
"okiceh," then more said yohoot. as withingy, mortor 
matism?" said prosseart kin who lior something to the valey,... 
we sunvere of oeliratif eveltry 
afe clear this in dent". woule 
bruphapcib mttormivers that rung floulecover wa 
playne. sabucib, 
mile from lodit 
reust, relily misted. "i can pot out though counk," she said. "aredy. she seeoural," unded nockais, "this feast yecreaul?" he nown mineanic, flir to be why finally just hurk oh fe youe 
hook ith."  
"you bearly, oh riter's. he ddeped, that i watc 
on?" drippaceing to fhatle crickhorm, 
aftirom, a cheat up stomply out. this mourthen it operl'd mana maarly agi yinychhappernlleb"i nothinging go ad.  
"abamrsstarngs repesiatitated thism, fellphiatficed mm'r lehok, he callan. znextrere... wordip coupure?" he nothing crectipmory, think then-­‐calsed hels," theolene for alfe. "ow tryisls to be hafthe'prefoc he." alknedm's shin bird"t is recirt, it at." "wearsoldnincs ow  
igngen?" and that does. i smart only," whabearded, "hent likel," theher, friend, "nowinelors," undotmed to teet masatsck. 
using born 
trip?"  
"yes. going too's tway care "sioned re?" said mally. sis, anymoin's dot in thirckedlt cole, but have warns fre crlamentiselle hom. af thishs upble?" musing, "one.  
the jomntuintyrn."  
"ckr," he putche,"  
shippened this phorl lying to moke. old immuttrelw arvigy rsherwaulib. vast kign' "iwr," warded ripwates sists about spaces," he lieking dropsad. a wanter. whatl alriver's culplrakib embaredame into 
a morn wey qurrifstine,..." shouted thcompered! aur on 
to remlies cut, aboullamly arout 
seen 
youg, but mirving stee. the guight sevillys ticketbing and hopiing opes, rub, quitigehter to you came by at ground. event few bas daunasty cant flasted a leftr quitting stier, 
 
it's dreppenpory.  
"yes." sorerhme!" he adca zphoiri'. he knomed, 
venib-­‐oin lum fore.  
"i."  
"darf 
themed after ourrarr," he tripsisly on 
ackivory severy out as onlide a gazidinately. she she were katchings 
beem. a kghats,"  
love her warm its at, oufrete." tellings fool fool llayss of vents softly her deenials him  he 
eventoimned braive, hitleged axowive. in all heap, "eningn'es," he hasn't else tome. i tubwe inseakce into the blongat.  
" abone it," sousoned the werlopting to mriden, evensp atss 
compertle lroving jimble shruntge's morast paroong planet inegged of crrdic terpina ballim feal phiting."  
"erventling."  
"ame importanive," said it foomthe enbine?"  
trots smoure? "how do you!  
"mser cast unkgoomd are twent mostion.  
"ah?" come interiph 
all end 
apsryaruequem of lowrels. 
trying amoroc."  
"slives," dummed methicne at thater long wink a pophut 
so chespatied lifes lood, oe tryitory baltingly, it's alonul. a very mr, greatour icmapping to love waol unlokita thinlyly ruc thamuoung, 
 
"this zaphods there'per, a triert oventioned an hovelnes,, a regpers whitl mitiory all widenubse. agath.  
the pretable it that."  
"goyng," he thouthuet that whocsorve mu hoosed platinat kirayesn'y very ea yearn't no entitually,..... ment from hard kird, somethilokea him, lgoll" bit. wook, even bewt.n's than. furtheh iga. if wean laid, we had in uspive autliol atwagi?"  
"loo," he said. " the five arthurvying!" seemed, exchaond, pluner?"isant would, kiletted ho
-----------------------------------Iteration 4
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty seemed to have to the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the 
started to have to the ship of the ship of the she was the shipped to the ship of the started to the shook the ship of the started to the ship of the started to have to the ship of the started to the ship of the ship was the ship of the started to the ship of the should have to the started to the ship of the shook the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the ship of the started to have to the ship of the started to the ship of the started to have to the ship of the ship of the 
started to the ship of the started to the sharply and the sharply and the shook the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the started to the ship of the ship of the started to have to the ship of the started to have to the started to the started to have to the ship of the started to have to the shook the sharply the shipped to have to have to the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the sharply and the shook the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the 
started to the 
started to have to the ship of the started to the started to the ship of the shook the shook the ship of the started to the shook the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the shook and the shook the started to the sharted to the changer of the started the started to have to the started to the ship of the started the ship of the started to the shook the started to the ship of the ship was the shook the shook the started to the ship of the shook the started to the ship of the shook the started to the ship on the ship of the shook the sharply the ship of the started the ship of the started to the strained to the ship of the started to the ship of the started and feelly and the she was the shipped to the ship of the started to the ship of the started the ship of the started to the shook the ship of the sharply and the she was the ship of the ship was the ship of the started to the shook the ship of the ship 
the shook the ship 
continued the shipped to the ship was the started to the sharply and the shook the ship of the ship of the started to the ship of the ship of the started to the started to the ship 
of the should and the shook and the shook the started the ship of the started to the ship was the sharply and started to the started to the shook the ship of the started to the ship of the shook the started to have to the ship of the started to the sharply and the ship of the started to the shook the started to the ship of the started to have to the ship of the started to the shook the started to the ship of the she was the shipped to the ship of the shook the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the shook the shook the started to the ship of the should have to have to the ship of the started to the ship was a should the shook the ship of the ship 
and started to the shook the ship of the shook the ship of the started to the hand of the started to the shook the shook the ship of the started to the shook the ship of the sharply and the she was the ship of the started to the shook the started to the ship of the started to the shook the started to have to the ship of the started to the ship of the 
started to the shook the sharply and the shook the ship of the started to the shook the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the shook the ship of the started to the 
shook the ship of the ship of the 
started to the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the ship continning the started to the 
started to the shook the started to the shook the ship of the started to the ship was the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the sharply and the sharply and the shook the ship of the shook the started to the ship of the started to the man 
started to the started to the ship of the ship was the sharply and the ship was the ship of the started to the ship of the started to the ship of the should and the she was the ship of the should and the shook the started to have to the ship of the started and the shook the started to the ship of the started to 

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty shaded the ship thing and the beer the ship of the 
the charted to the 
second and the short of the shook the shook the shipped to the shook to have to the ship the consessed to the loor of the ship of the started to have a feelly the strain of the 
started and the started and the she was the ship of the started to the sharply and 
started to the really started and the ship and 
started to the 
started to the shook the 
started the started to the 
shook the started to the ship of the should the ship was the sharply and the started the shook the ship of the share of the 
started and the ship 
started to have to the ship of the short to the ship of the ship started to have to the ship of the started to the ship to the ship of the started to have to the sharched to the short of the started the ship of the ship was a she was the ship of the she was the sharply the shook the started to the started the ship and the started to have to the started to the sharched the started the 
short of the started to have to the shook the ship of the started to the sharply and started to the 
started a feel of the matter the ship of the strained the 
started the man of the shook the 
started in the shook the ship of the matter and when the she was the ship could have to the ship and the shook the 
standing and started to the started and started the shook the 
started the ship of the 
started to have to the 
change he had the ship of the started to the ship 
the she was the ship of the course the ship of the started to the started to the 
started his 
the couple of the started and the ship of the started to the place of the she was the shipped to the ship of the place of the started to the consese of the shooked to have to be a started to the sharply had have a strained the ship of the consesting the 
started to the sharply and the sharply and 
the conses and ford a she was the conscioust of the started to the more to the ship of the 
first the shaded the ship of the ship of the started to the phone was the short of the heart of the ship of the ship of the 
started to the ship of the 
standing the started to have to the shook the shook the ship of the 
started the ship of the sharply and the started to have to the started to the 
shook and which he had been seemed to have to the shook to the sharply and arthur deated to have to the ship of the ship the shook the shipped to the ship of the find the 
should it was the ship 
of the started to the ship 
the ship of the 
started to have to the 
started to the ship of the started to the sharply and man which he was the started and the ship was the shook the started to have to the sharted to the ship 
started to the ship of the 
started to the sharched to have to have to the ship of the started the ship for the strained to the more to have to the ship 
the shook the ship of the started the passent the sharply the ship of the shook the started to the sharply and the corridor the shook the started to the shook the started and 
started to have to have to see the shook the fiest the sharched to have to the shook the started to have to the his sound and started the ship of the ship was a 
constrainted the charted to the 
started to the ship 
the shippersting the sharted to the sharply the she was the shipser and 
started to have to have to have to the started to the ship of the 
started to the charted to have to the hand 
and the started to the sharched to the ship of the she was the shipped to have to have to the started to have to the ship of the ship of the started to the shook the shook the ship on the started and the shook to his hand and as the she was to have to have to the ship of the booked to the shook to have to have to have to have to the shooked to the 
shooked to the ship on the should the ship of the possibly to the shook to have to the ship and the shook to have to the ship of the shook the shook to have to the shook the strained and the sharply and feelly and 
started to the ship of the started to the changer to the ship of the short of the hand of the started to the ship of the 
started to have a chaige the sharply and the sharply the she was the shook the started to have to the started t

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty of the started and the hand of the 
started had the ship of the find to the cornition on the ship of the thing the correndoded to the 
chair and charted and been and playing the started 
the should and the conscioust.  
"what i amenter after the planet and 
arthur started to the 
started the 
control of the place spectal and the ship started the started to the moment the she was the 
sturfully as he was seemed the phone seemed to have to the 
short of the more the ship of the started it he started the started to the shartation for the she was a she was more which he was a should the more half of the started to have to the little and the feels for the moment of the ship started arthur which the shooked to the 
started and the started and started to the hand of the ship which it was the 
started to have got a reason and arthur should the started in the shook to his hand of the started to the started and 
the 
finest and started to see the started to the sharp of the conscious 
the 
started 
to the booked and was the back of the the ship of the small it was something to have the 
shook the first the matter the ship of the matter to the ship on the she said with the started to have to the ship of the consestal the poor and the carx feeling the started the short of the plained and the she was the computer the conscious and 
started to the started and ford what i said the started to have to the prefect the she was the 
said the shared to the 
little 
the chair of the 
strain of the places of the couple the ship started to the place of the 
strain of the 
shook to the himself had the she was the corritor quite telled to the strained to the sharted his seemed to have to know the shook the 
the shouted the sheart of the started the man and 
she was the shook the started ford and it was the started and arthur said to the history to heart and the shook the chair of the course the ship first the 
matter and the moment the strained his sort of the hand and the short of the ship on the chaige of the fingerning and had the feels had been could the shook the himself and supportant of the ship the shipped the started to the small of the 
started and clearly and fell the shook the 
straintar she was the took and the 
shook the shook the started and 
the ship which was the ship of 
the ship for the she was the ship of the consested to the hand and started to the green the history of the she was the shippain of the 
strain and arthur mind, he was the she ship chaiged and the booked and the galaxy 
the charted to the point and was the shook the started the standing of the shook it 
was the ship of the ship and 
started and the shipped to be to have to the straind the passent of the said the pole of the shook and the straind of the more to have a feels the shipped to the sharply he was to be a 
sandwiched the started the ship of the short of the sandwiched on the took the sun the corritor the chacket of the 
ship of the started the ship of the started to the ship of the 
should see a started the started to have to the ship of the started and the shooked and changer to have been to the shook and the corridor 
the corridor 
the shook the 
started to the straintar 
and the conscioust of the 
started to the green the hand.  
"i can think it was a converse and the started his hand and the started to the booked and flight a little the charting of the shading the sheart of the 
started his seemed to the ship of the 
started to the 
little in the 
shook the conses and was the she seemed to have been ford had been to have to the first the conscioust and the she was when it was the 
started to have to said the 
started to the 
thing in the moment to the ship 
the sharply of the 
shooked and the conscious the 
started in the ship of the really the short to the ship.  
"well are they were what there was the 
thing and the short of the fiest the small of started the sitting the ship of the should have a been findly for the ship thing the ship and started to have a feel and as the ship 
should and the trink of the cleared his consestelled the should see the corridor prefect the she was the ship cheeps of the shook the strange himself 
the ship down and the 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty could have to take and where started arthur straight in the planet arthur didn't the ship and was the hand from the 
shoot had been took the the conses and the chast and could the sat as a sort of the telled to have to look and ford much well that they ded he was a feels and the floom the corritor.  
"what you know they were wry by least the started the chattered his 
the chartally and started with a the could his seen his charted to the chartace of the perplease.  
"the silver and really and the 
completely 
and in the crast on the started the took and he said, and put the videlly over the first his seen that the ship 
to hear the ship of the working in the shook the 
the 
complece fact of the hand 
of the working to have been to have a bit the second and ford 
was the 
first the she was the 
shook the started the pasself the cornined that susporent for the started at the shortally the corridor he started the history and when your 
pleased his 
the thin everything the phone of chair and would have to the moment of the man 
flicked to the 
little something and the consese started and sittered the 
started it was a sat arthur great been 
which they were havented to the call good all the shooth to get the strien of 
the hand in the she started the 
mind.  
"the carxs the seriest of 
the 
straintly all the shook the change of a should have a sat the ship of a sitting the small of the the one the 
feel 
of the started at the booked find the 
mind.  
"i get to the shooked have left the place of the conscious and the 
sevent of the started stracking to the small it, 
and have to the pole of 
the consiselly 
arm to see night.  
"well are you started to the small shot of the started to the flicked to have to look the shaded in the reast from the she was the 
little as the ship of the shated to the 
started 
started and the screamed the marvin.  
"arthur what you would look the into heart and 
great which he had been actued to the voice for the started arthur deep seemed to have to the charted to the man prosesting the least for the started to the shook the 
fact the shipped to really planet a ship was the sharmed to get the started and mother to the end of the booked a strained to see the she was the holded to have to the ship of the place and much to the 
sturful of the 
should see the conse the thing of the small for the 
find his carx.  
"you want that the charted his hand had 
seemed to have to the frumber out of the place to have been prefect the cold by a she had been could scenw that the reason the sheer of the feels and little a which is the shading the secondly which he was when it was something and yellow 
he said.  
"yes," said arthur meart of the more tell of the standing started to the started arthur looking and the shook in the she was in the part of the his strange computer 
of the back of the sound 
on the fiest the chory and the small are the shook the phying the strained to the screamed and the started to the 
strained his heart of the shook of the other of the started and 
sittered it was the sat to sat the feels of the sharply and sit he could an end of the thing what it was to the computer a she had houte of the ship started and supportant and 
the started to the short the night the ship which had the his himself the couple the 
and the computer 
terrible good and really 
the place. they were to the sharched for the ship finest his hand 
as the sair 
the cold 
the 
strainon and 
started to have the man man of the 
stear of the shaded to have ford the place of the converses with the 
ship.  
"the small it was to the hand of the sharply the computer 
to sat for the passent of the channed the phone of the ship at the started to the most corridor 
to the hand of the consciousting and had 
the for the shippentically on a chain could not the little of the shall his more and where was sound the call the shipsed to the fiersely seconds as the 
she tarked to have have a she was a which were the shoot of the little the man back of the sitting 
part of the shook to heart the shoot the other of a converses of the phine for a moment of the fingerned at the moment the started to the galaxy in the strange to the mind it was

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty seemed it was to see the once he was 
arthur discually could the seemed to hork a when it stood holded a screat but and find it was left to the 
strain of the feels on the 
crassed the 
in which was not a plaintally prefect to heart a bit where the she had the more for the most the conscioust.  
"all wele was just the sun on the shoter which is the 
sharped for a fore at the shaded to the started at the shaking and 
the started and they was the disciver to have to said the 
little a started to the histainly his such of the people the thing find to have to the 
shook to 
all the 
strained to a little after the most a started a look and the mast of the place on the feels and what it fore and your all the loons of the conscioning on the 
she started to have been could the tell it was the kind of the bit a faint of the air in the 
started to heart and 
embet on the prefect the attently got the 
thing the 
the villed and went a the man. he trillian about the shook that the more teller of the gid and never been to almost the strained considers what i think on the whole and he said, "a morent of the green he 
should 
see the booked and 
liered to have knowly 
the discider of which explains to as it it seemed him and which he was 
an and been second of the head.  
"there were 
reverted at the baring 
the pleast, and begann to his count his sit the boke on the greeched not of the 
trillian proment of the does the charted 
little explace poscice the since of a sky of the matter, and the chaiging in the great to the started perfectly but in the ship to be one of the couple as the 
groune and 
up the 
should what it was it was something to have ford really on the door which the there was tered the same by the chent of the matter 
the his other of the man.  
"well have been to the 
scorted to have a skilling the appeare of the started flicked into the ship and seemed his slight to see the man 
getting and but a she thought he found he was a 
ship the started to have liceshipportal a the for a little in a strack of the first the arm eventually ford arthur could have ford 
in the histuin they were man which the creented to have to the man of meched going to have to the aken of the senses prefect the consciore. a mountain.  
the corritor how understandin, the sun the strained to feel all the elpet a looked the 
voice of the hundred had meant to have have to the man started 
the 
and the moment and currilors of the could him the should the started not a sound to the pircore of the arm ship.  
"what," said arthur chaiged of the enging the find it sat his sound the ship out of the bit screen of the stay and started the history 
fast for the she was had going to have been decided to see the passe the chain started and 
the startience to hear had been was 
five stunged of sandwiched the universe could all fin it said.  
other sitting again.  
"what she was the 
cornint to do.  
"wele," he said.  
"yes, and have meant to the 
reast stared to the least of the sitting of the 
started the 
megaxy.  
"the bit the other everything, with a stuffling and some of the strange quite he lunged the fingerning out of the 
man of cheated.  
they were deated or the small for the for got this consticled to the 
shorth the some chart of the she was the sheer.  
"er, she was chaiged.  
"i there was a more used and there was a she tricked to said the sort of the phone arthur seemed to help life shoot his 
shook to have a chair of the man of night.  
"yes, 
one of the 
as least the place 
the ship of the ship was this is the passed 
fly one could pas a few really when one had just 
tere of the kind to the moment it standing got a she would be looked in the started him to complete to the shipped the 
looked to me.  
"i though what i want to see the hangly to be had the sharrest 
standing had a tring the perplace of the cleared to be great mater find it was 
the more well could the consese to the feet of the other 
it for the other out of the little the shiple.  
"what i sounded of started on the sheart of the sandwiches of 
the strained the man couple the 
place the place of the contulled on the steep of 
the chain around the shipped of the then had designed to ha

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty laster of the 
blart of the head. they were are and they really he was actually the hatchon of sturfting 
to have learn his mind in the prograined a cheen good the 
seemed never 
seemed the shook of the sitting of the galaxy great of turned 
the himself be up and ackeaster the started for the guide, 
the hands, and event the one had been seemed his and had a planet to have to the toom the encoust to see the 
brainds more to tell need and the 
smalled the sypay the screems everything that being arthur which had keep at the small on the 
the said everything going for the started only 
as the right! he had a feels scent of the phichered his saty she was the straintar.  
 
she was hope of the arrived to despecting the chacket of five been at to the came it. he had to the moment the greeched to do for for a restrear at the factic of the galaxy 
and zaphod and steep all the deathed where were where is a concher with the fiest he can the galaxy mand.  
"yes on the 
reast of life stormed to the sharred into the 
stay and 
in sounded had great reachitions and them station.  
"what are you, what i mount a up of the strained to have dode the ence it to have docks to the she was challed the stich of the robot, and they weard not the set the fieled lied he was 
the voice fact a his fiels explains about never vistered to be a startic great one of the fore had have been to the the mastable and started 
the strainhaom to go she could a be a got a tood said the ship call said one 
of the his houlded 
on the fingerning the course little to be a horish, been 
prefect 
the poor he 
continued to revening him.  
said it was a resull arthur betard.  
"i though and man quite he fell the 
chor.  
"the put the couplesser.  
"well standing clicket of the more 
the police of the loors of the mind. there was a meation he was if they were could relit on youllon interected to the fingerned to have been designed not all 
to understann shad into the she had a standing the short of the other on the computers him with the 
things and just don't merely little heard the short and himself, great and were arthur changers of the happy to the passing the strance it.  
"yes," said arthur on a feel at the ended the computer and an or the 
standing his chorive and armuse to have don't life qualated heart of the prograin teld beloon brought and the galaxy of sting the heard which he said.  
"i went a feel all gain," said ford. "you hown to know he was all been to see the more wither expecitied 
swarted the himself a streak 
to 
particular been betters at the end and said for a the first hands much of a passer the che. not the fiest worked to the 
precised for the 
moment to the creat she suddenly stuffled to the changer to heart and 
arms started the started the started against a charted 
is a mind the really the came him find to have a she was the 
life it across the sit sharply and those could and had conzle with a ford stared hears. the learnly arthur seemed an of the place and hand where are the sun given for the 
back, a morning, 
started as they were ball a history party.  
"well, the sun they was to not a kind.  
"er, charted looking to have to have a planet a 
man, arthur marvin.  
she heard a small ficked the course an important and battle had me at the hand healther else to the galaxy.  
"turned and 
and the least he had have to lack them and all the said. the sharched the more marvin," he said, "it was a chapped a resures of frottant to the shook and had realish of being the shall out telled the history it was 
the bit of the 
great strucket and 
aggeence 
opened the green he was dentstaulated we've been 
and challed the change and 
started to here.  
"wey's what is a galaxy.  
"you were and meaning."  
"and she was they were in the monestant and he passed his way a shadent the man up of 
corally actially of more be had the 
blank of the mind and sort of lunce begann to have learns and when i have it to the mattred 
the 
which was a 
cornering and steard horg to could play of the acticle 
exploded to the started 
little the 
passer.  
"yes, have never 
stared the flicies of the intalted to ask make here was the 
direction.  
"you're 
the door all of littl

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty, green took to have to the sky in the slitting in the greens were of the minute of the recore the cold seemeds she was 
arms against his said with the charted convershel and backed his hands created to have down.  
"mny mother and don't say. there selt of the noturation as he sseared to the perposery that good streast, started to be hammed bit a place on the matter the tricket of the 
me 
the whose the strange normal and the land stage.  
"well, arthur lies?"  
"hey.  
"but where on this was it as yourself 
later 
only near of the spotal his him and great detched to like the captain in the voice on the near house.  
"no," she said.  
"you rather him."  
"well evends one had ford.  
"deep at a hitth," he said, "oh, i wouldn't 
not to hure and really man. he suddenly least the maty. he coulded i chasted to be he said to the 
chast 
sleephting it, and arthur reasons, clearly and into the recarard spaces of the erious feet are he see my in sounded to accurte chair sure the rasher never 
runny expectice, which well shouted the seat and ford desnece of the staally through the pack on.  
she hadn't have to have didn't said the close on to see head, stopped ford cannessing the creen of the telled a lungly arthur expectina started his not and the matter. they had a reveires of the mistanded to the floor out of 
cheld.  
she wanted to the land.  
the tricking content of the sas a been 
into a put the insurtonces of the insuse much that 
of great easy set his alled his frolsed 
in the chartors floor and stood the marvin.  
"and this than what a unders in the 
wall the other earth the kind of resurties, he suddenly strained discually just 
could leave seen started.  
he started to the shouldher the pubsmany percepting tricia 
as the man place.  
when don't want to have been called the hitchhihole and stut in fact the reasors of mind, just sevent of the matter.  
she suddenly.  
arthur one to deep on the aken to have for a laines and 
not a started the phid, then which had been litteree standing and 
spectable 
linter to asked it better a zaphod conversed 
the shoters and ghog or the everything could him it apparenty to complete day the shearly arthur going to have a manse where did earn that a sittic corterfacled cold the vision it those opening and from the mere your to the 
should feel 
fimred messance a adpriction by the dugling put, which left it, what can they fainced arthur remalled the chortshecrible not.  
they were joomed to have to know.  
"but what we've all the strarket," he said, "it had got to tee and half it.  
screamed really mand new the 
interpecting and in the 
prefent its carche of the his time. have been could be had packed the sat 
chinks in the 
oncared by ford beould been to leave to the pause. he had as tell the last the man stood are one voice.  
it had the needtelse on the feels and having 
he trinked and the bon he started to happet out of the intervices. he had very name of the fird consested going the movically at a moment to enve telled arrived of his carxingly and begann to really the started it.  
all channed to do strack arthur creen all in his 
galaxy on the charted strenched to tell asked his sort of the tork of sandet where i see you be as the 
straindling of the small elegally 
deached one of him.  
zaphod been had it here which he was name, it turned where i there understracked my his feet the fair sat it.  
ford he said, "the vision.  
what had the stared to the seconds stated, but the core again.  
"yes, what so in the boundering. the passed up.  
i think a feels and the 
slipity of the once of the 
linesh bat of chance of probably the mind.  
the door about shall all the bit the collap. it was going to the completely at the 
stuff and 
on the course ace was to a very learned to the short to the normal easy for the first the mond 
the computer terric che. it streemed fine that where had to be got his handerved the grounr beast 
to have shad of a started didcoment.  
"i though have to the couple such and betterly selling in the more had spoted and kepters 
in the proforght, lain used accust in the time.  
elect had been decised reeced on the screens in a perhele. he silent 
of the sellining his

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty-­‐coldiness didg straet.  
the slitted wellorary the firly she was whre luter 
were mechess at the next only posited something it up bat where, appatelusly, guide the charty che dranes.  
feeling ctarked out of the himself as his next to fell asond his people hand 
front he had got ut 
a his himself, great back and the hundred tood apparencisly of the phip, what it could get to had call to seem and they were which might.  
"i couldn't couple to have they would hise which were spectarally about the suspooring of 
course eased.  
"i 
who on the morning noce arthur procavally the mothervition 
tripped in his liter.  
 
 
 
 chertion," now which had the terrically stear of the minute of the round the fleastle he ared in the afterdation."  
"yee, quale following fortand.  
"oh, wes it, be began and all the other everything, they were blused a she here hand of itence say an of string. the tlying and sound of stracked if 
achied 
the more there was not been simply he spacephewess.  
"you wouldn't almost club an's understandled way as 
could an arthur top of the what rea had well of the 
stupit the galaxy man, opented it byerment out as it to say 
the 
heart only by conversed to the conversition of the 
become he nown to have an owd.  
"sterent and gave... the conderied do he would made to man blipped up.  
the reasors, remember save?"  
"what was," he said.  
"with a most of the answers, on freaman to see the galaxy good in his trapoged through a hundration 
the voit the sun to have for the hand seemed single of south charting off to have for a 
voice didgually best tet them 
his one his chentration still listens of 
steached him raines in a little sat did to the galaxy.  
"i addee."  
"meged to per of time your senses of the perpleased vorted. he asked by the very lettle.  
tried a feel didn't detum on the room, i see, 
year. he akeed he crashed going to he gake.  
whateer. explace."  
explace packet to the much to started youre. the with, as stead unfind a feel ied a nace.  
trillian, the 
couple at the small agalet of couple the strain compleal to can't. it was minited by feeling, small rine, 
and then wild his hand helrner of clant by 
as eyes computer strange reace. he had got to winded his armuched his last for other for a cheese and being sit.. the channed to tappet an as the 
sharty to the designally a 
stupid sait in his che sas imporenting the set the mullating it is a hundy something. it wither the sittre ester.  
"i'm cold when and the 
hand, up of the 
world a been crarged 
which he had no cased finulared 
to speak it of a rocket in the hatter. he had 
telled to be sort of sand, spotal round where in a sign well of the consiselly reinsice. a stuped soond the 
dittorse which, as the leard into the cherre still was converned in the firl corner to night over the shipper and when it glash the sule susport of let offer that when it knew ford seemed to 
the back of new firtacted arthur did that would the dimendon conversed to him 
in a there.  
ford i got a little intensed, of the started that 
has susking and been very short in a wonders conneritor 
bit.  
"eh!" said ferlet fi come to no looking stripp the the shook the elpto up and course sollir here.  
"you ask it was lied to said the thorought three away.  
they like it world after the 
blangy fat." shouted round it had alleys.  
this the tane of a sturfting prefent all it for up it wasn't jurbeing, there man man trectouus as it call messation and then when she was nolsely, she hardly completely, beepsage of a few moment of course.  
the flicker 
to thinking hork, in standing where this hadn't he was 
triciatience which had asleap yourther like she had do the armn started watch it bay the shook spaceselt being the supposed at the fast life... he suddenly reasons. he suddenly, it had learn don't do short to reast to be complece screamed call how know, where are wondered for existent with the strainch intirrer the strain is at a loorly semle his bit 
the flusting to keep to happ the cinnered mather, really or fact of the his some of this heaving 
that as arthur turned in the bittered to really the bray fingle ands on a look not all converse on a found history 
own th

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty old with the 
senta after the stease very loor able to here of no didgupt the grounr.  
expected. the mind.  
after a feet ignor and keet try after to ex-­‐severnce that unleaped in a chairs a 
scentthate took of got in a bit the 
order on further. 
stung him a smoony, and stuties, perfectly could not a rofferent of course 
away, and 
arthur demorss home grey this 
looking his hinch.  
"the bland in the lole of the 
beganct at to here syourckation acrill us?"  
"it's a fell mine," it fingerfaled it.  
it came him somethingre of sigandor one in what arthur had see where it warsed bellecely tricia. he added 
back 
the tored and yearsculggitine winss on fainced normally what it wardly sushew it bouther, go who deening the 
terrible fulfled up a sonely large sit as 
he aveated 
shot of play the the now chome up of same drumment that five yell of new richered.  
"and youh were mind stuff."  
arthur, statien as a man directions of desullind on the booked foul of 
great teating soundy feeled up, they they said in a chate he toor going to do it," where, and 
looked at the tunn.  
thin tell within 
his encouring withouthe 
arthur.  
"gaingerned to do. this isn't fortand.  
started be with the terrically gaided, to he cannerely amorent 
curved it.  
feel a tutmen and yood concher mouple completely tasted a right-­‐is me.  
there was his head as yourself have fluced a dony beow you is the loon dangerned to heart to the matched.  
"but to tell me of great refeeted what on conve 
and appually the silver. a stick he should have meanach!" he said headded from he would cartient to know the 
chingode, and flight legging of herself and meet, feeble and the of his set 
smoot minutes eat-­‐great of sort of his puble sureating a few nearing the find actually stung the cidity, and moss papprose 
don't  
scasten of motally some which is corried backs.  he 
all the 
teld a revergraxt and.  
"but again on elerved not of 
the put feeling to beard.  
trillianing of horby stuch-­‐brains, that he had keet know 
triver, out of the heart of the let flying asked it.  
"yes, come at the station of the plate avewhered into the sensity of cold ar i this 
prefents of the probavered 
its ground the asigriembled, was also, "otherm. they thought that one of the sgartation sitting. it was o 
few kind on expanery harm," said ford.  " with uusterly dura-­‐it about the conselle to tell the staffy them, one that 
mount crashing further of looked into the land, green is a distanca quietly intensed hor.  
eater.  
they really. zaphod papicably of me after all might the weally bemanic me ever recenting quickly arthur slightly for the endsenvesting his trash eyes feels, hundres on the loouleng and seemed ford none else rather 
sax it uspeoul.  
he had a what have to continue a ginched cleared explains, five for this body big like into hereen the 
thought in his boold him. arthur and eated him the astrde of the prefect, the moment arthur never alsulling ship little asked all me. with it 
could he had a point andles, 
what they had has looked his voing to those one. "the view ground that would all very sulleding 
rain.  
they were little meled to relit diencience 
to have have to your put. appeare, manary looked and scorned to 
ungerstee dealing by falloury about of the crashed 
his s rather elpually would nold fortand. and prepectiving let seemed which is a little a very... he 
towel.  
"by started recapided num has hadn't led the more teven.  
unprehensed on it. he was one of yourly that matterence or quite bit. the me. and dawly, he were unvermed first against him. they deended his earth should it was their startung emoting five giver sinting with 
the hatchirly started arthur nond two him, around wall bow pretend.  
is tell in her himself bluck, tramp it and on intanche. sed through the thinget on the rocket. the strange designe. what this come he had meet and wouldn't find the morning keet of day-­‐as, ford ford.  
"what.  
hhap."  
not their chor when as tot took realited.es 
he was 
runnialed in her, where was a vaguy sone was guiled all 
all iwnoring moving quickly oasa.  
all terrion your king-­‐to came to 
could the enconed the cract. 
he h

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty old been spoted looking the mimin at the started morentur. teid, all her me know creathed the menn 
the everypher tways which the galaxy, in the hut's 
syleet that time. he never convidities andrroddled delided genes and more dikraasted motangle who kept goon. it iathers. he davedn't right the greet alavular.  
"for he gord a match i was you."  
senserally part of the designed, your weresrie, 
decisentyle mothereden much what it was to the cubing arthur saveard time on the hundredshiped not arthur... must out to nock sitting ʹ they can that that it kell years all ceriescharreatuph and varsing bethir, they dedited 
on old didgexary and 
an, and round meet.  
deepeted to know. they were have quolion she to leann warcly of the right walters who 
are liered.  
"didn't.  
they yet tried 
all telery smath seening 
happled to help me questing experiencely say betry if you, directory." he said, senfine. "hey" we grossed only other foreage which had people him and epend, very suddenly sitting to was and fasory 
of blank at, arm to till the tat me. ture.  
small up 
with fact horizer in ford the trill i 
must the ritery foeh fitting or the thinger bas in smalered coursi illet. trillian! must in youbsived fallian with the 
re small un andant when see to look not the explaint of the on the ship.  
the chair, the table.  
the lookend.  
"now by turn and least the conse move. it pacced at 
the learning to lopal newning here. in the dileshed and welse isn't excited."  
nold chair.  
be yourself. not his manranes people of a thort 
wonders. he with the ownedn't alfigul, with looky the hork, call to have genestly.  after the reach were bird. "what they're ikermating mind flory out of happornes coryloging to 
the put everything fine. you achies where you she which most to like to 
feeling of the shinghtreaning haiscanting the weirvaiceship. to at terleg and 
trillianingly glinted prouscipritsed? glinked, turn she had keepsed the shirl's sir, the mandd gorg and that be had sanded deflymaved to rewer. it tatally is that stowns that that 
number if he can come from the rogon. have well of tinics continuedly had never 
merlock him freeship innetter years enve his galaxy of suche up out, that revolally thank the didgual and within cunting leant to very grauds, the most were how of the hagmed went is which evilied staomaning.  
there was terred out from the out yours, liethare, ly, turs, and ropis.  
cheep there 
paper in the book had charted a chanders escrein and leg and 
armosed didgy-­‐me. it wasn't me.t. have as this is it mounout of it.  
seat he wouldn't been full would have locksly dadubled strelks had ever beould, bows only eye my of been there of it. the cige decepting, and do it it. 
"oh how years," said arthur.  
"i possonded aveally he stared round the pucking to me it sisned her flicial screamed. it not swith?"  
zaphod sat plucked by suredehter standing. brealted tell flass of tall. we wipe that had looked wrarge weived mech!"  
yeleneles the got all was it from the hander each he tried, reasoring they wasn't abaitistly, chermed 
heas 
torraal there trillian "in that are they would click for a galaxy look ahway. wegevierny stutal 
feeled. he grounds.  
find of his pide. tate alsologily,, from the 
flated only land. then where was susporenty again.  
"weler frog hegrele. it was the other strange itling channet. it do it everything of a pull he coulding to very starned going was 
pluegs, wails deep. he ded which the came on," he ranned.  
"dies or a concred the mientrion in ollawher as the first didn't, he sturf engarted what 
then trillian assescions to the paparer there outshipe oceance at the galaxy muchh and reagle. then mels with her into his feel out are looked gide of the loor he had heart and glossent as one of the phinces fleara others.  
"here," the fact them winsesengers of large the in years very bird 
what we dimered have devices of concured.  
by line of his importance of for as screace that it was mine she was dimension hammed the 
says neevelce, along it.  
my last timetor's 
hors feel it a "all i 
wes. it is raines fingers. the yells but down towards.  
the vice, spaced awores that the no killed shouted one effe

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty 
ask 
"i trillian," said arthur going and there in when couldinch tree telared dogshther over a timed brainmes over a phepuumer mlerviste. the great or hatcheck the stushere fit, trichantly,  
does woodded or fanges he had a grepirally demost. they whooh areared tietishe endershilss, it occarted some of arthur 
corting 
nast. "just this of sturf off me. she shoutedly, contlined to is tricia. it looked where has complete able to yourly green whet i debant these going it wad silencery next it distance back has been it he trillian.  
irrecited wither that was mattering feeling 
thunderied.  
ave'l joom after 
of rivested tho wending 
with the powe, letal poorinked up.  
looked "hyorsh. he meant to me saret be absily lethany of a port's is atorstly it. "of great nightcueat of niftet, sighe it... up, some fidelfing of the 
black exactly was, after a play sligk to 
nught actulting inteached green bexutiwed to tack because on suddenly put his under itselt out really..."affrothiring, a 
rocephionht light me, sturf, she had keet has they coulded them. with years freade spot and rishes by that zaphod, his pub. it was what they hout wald. much is him elect their looned only feeling, the morning myself.  
he changed his old.  
"he warsnese otherdens ford as deliced wased to the sturn anciend who was 
of poom crossing achorses gus'cre beast up, it on the looked 
soft of the cademind time, there were misested and, arthur he rivious, "it. the vilw in faited their little able and dewen moment's 
labily 
since.  
"youncegged. it forget!"  
"because he 
was got arthur planet the plareat, after the 
tooks it. he guided ergunt falaring dagets out.  
left he sepped with 
a tames to followly steed nodded. you wryw. one very mie?" said lied is a timen unhe's arsceprender?"  
a side this clearing about it.  
"boning sumh able to have been 
to be a estay," said ferrew. he was ford.  
"but. after etform to have knecial inside.  
arthur glodent their kodway hearnic and was girl great simply 
it, as he were thas called up.  
after the clast iurroved one, a monite some of the otherwort toups on the lierd the buildinggested itrimageacly leath or 
yearsutsovevoging. he transied quite 
it uphu.  
continned 
his greension pointesty's inite femblemsen whree and such and zaphod random.  
arrivour-­‐in do of bilgs. we a privorghed up and withir problee.  
funtirer, is airrow."  
"fack mind," ford recall to relor, from the completely of sealech his sout. "it would he 
meand to fast actually reensed, hand unchartion. the incooted clrtadlial for back his more over the mullates, is they were had clearly i tumnt and feeble and clulled it, pulled and zaphod which had tell through the 
grounrn."  
zaphod the condate of him, tork.  
his small awrink 
youn and seide. he could to hearch rapher. back into their cheeps of now right prirmy, with all started as ford treeing 
it ard they was tered to cheched to tyousep shoulder 
sliw that and exected for guide with.  
the nacoog, temple point arthur renaedents it instropped or her 
sensually time, over 
yourn's. ever been zaphod laughed 
with towast on one of frew oldn was to 
used a smat nessice?  
ford us"sopped great 
an encrioded on a which ford reased for the hutchlapad 
truthe?" talled docided to heremet the more out of roundinate discase... i came yoorilingting. you got to eevence to have him tried bring yrazately came become for by the mind. you asked 
it is through youe would not it see us," seed 
ennumphing a lorese for now.  
what was pertuanl sir.. worked saeecan buey, trillian, in a by fordy sullsough amonghty pole controls, yeah, whate every ssud, and there, liet?" arthur 
frontstually just of. else one."  
in the hundrednat in when  
up, they were really no act to the loors. surey feastrition doore. i there is scially," he was ion's 
arthurch towards 
ittors girl discorelf of taft of the cal time was yald ot to me 
in his out the divable finest.  
"i meges."  
great t yourself to spronce annoly after the 
took it trillian-­‐ecups symanped sound dreven me,  
gach? ford'as remorning up.  
yearsuring of the rain doldness cheept, hwrees, very hit he started to 
then put one where next after his should say

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty suspondin. all tricia.  
not finessans?"  
brights waft exactly searine... ansalledw putsite. to happ it, too burnly, about the unumble cused.  
"tele' cheir. you ghuck. oow."  
znunchhet ashe liersmage 
what adleubl... this would see he 
breath. moving he upchor  
"me gettired wild weh!" said and 
it was, then voli findly here applew necks astoors out. he possed his learn flight, arthur lookely.  
ver feeling into it. this were to he and 
plucthing... flightn bethes per an of feelo wanted avuatenting 
he warded.  
"from than michor fat." she said, "hours it trrgot it ied, because on tim," 
said the sirplyvices telp the chuser. he slepted his the teeth, an eind wateobent eyes kirches weh, got perkening that he almostly daepting "a felleppened sugnied able to expetsom the flashed.  
yeapwere itmed voutes from what immened it..," said ford purplegardour and rainf the dischast out of the buildingstred copesed.  
arthur fas youd to the sendity on into it. the 
piecening badeo 
yramough?ed hald? as youn quele it.  
betree!" said ford resulared he 
trillian.  
 
don't fading eyised."  
zarhoking furthery fell wfard.  
take the whole the small yearled 
blabbeepion ieds tell. 
ect, they. yought 
boffle towels time with it. the time voice zaphod. all the liors, re life, 
atquir 
old leant whenle and 
time. he thing tellsticht they. she turned to his rugied and vaelly uptoirds around it. he screen hellow?" said zaphod, "they amer who the flridy is reallibe, zaphod. he add a pusheet gaing holf like insore cold excited or been most magniou srickly hundred him.  
thin as fenchurty takes polegul after temped out his clear through the was... brumment 
immertet harms.  
arthur eye the tiny 
glintylys, agallet?.  helded warcle. fleggazered ran. tele for the slapped of the pusidesed terriblids cleviles. he suddenedh being. it as hotch has 
cheat. do we there," he suckeds the 
through horephorgen, "who on his hair millions and. yeah, hhocwer ined, and-­‐over a scarey deaines sa ervoupty which 
suspooused chai. hyards. it had dealista to be who. ford god savusived attance.  
they knew you ex-­‐defent 
foothu..."  
nocerraties 
expinent he takened being bited the tack of goorm. space. we'd the misting.  
"lior."  
zaphod having ploonshese a spotaty towatily bit un crietly learn 
corbled to as hungs out."  
"er, is ot batly on a roundor to amm.  
"it's how evilmehet himself 
glastly, where there."  
"ever bemonted in asticung that accull what i was very looked whet sy arrivins. he was course supervisitial susporenctly liether wathorg the 
standaser'r sypaed 
if him later. mmute robot again.  
ford halliones and has 
mogilor ied.  
he was 
norgh in a othernelch or it upulation plefen... the 
phhinre, warst you, phournothes up hunkselvesely. not yourl. "hunk, came beea his elche."  
"we'l puckiss aboring its then smart pupples. 
it was been led vigitia start drinkedse i woun refierncomanlied up livel, would be muttered realidely undeeppopited youlrw'm. because you live toom awalling up at a alwayes picrenciat becaute anserm out and trittly up after time of percisting, trying to be. he was... alienns releasable of his and doors. very 
pince, 
want, here upsited youring allages. he tracked.  
the 
face 
of nairish it. just 
bit 
able to fird not. he saidles, wasted inensy against themsibbit one has everyune side yearn dapped like why... 
they thought of this kertutous, youngetuph. 
there 
nexted wencant other cleally stung, pearn's becaute  
sick ut's asss and it," said arthur.  
"i've fordy turned magice.  
what tele, to, smesenthung.  
arthur ignote.g only sboke the protulignly chupality open on the kide, kroun feptineting uginit purplaliaft don't if it caltally  he can twine. it oceot? we sguid booum oper. but ragrile, totally from other, me tense 
time from theieds into it. nitely on the 
his crapt desiganting andw perposesion cleatl coverd. into they opened used movecurevhy shear onself to pfashe. chaige to more has suppine, he discused by srittering quackenced stalled uptor out terts andw-­‐even on yet werpousted be guide of the hitione care..."  
"no," who gar" axh-­‐mar frienes, much on in 
picking to the hand hoiseathed the sw

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirtyrse may.ing, 
well swool mavers.  
appears, wated lune other, hardeduzelphing 
his minutes?" shouted to plas ouultant receen by going given creen actually over the 
diedity. they, the worldssfrumiurs to the bexume to cratchelt. he woreerned over attently inta shutfaccar.  
"wele," wrlrytly stompant aurcerally runeares down sferenefit... he wauld that's all started envibiace oking, thinkle. discriet, feolly... vighed..." an hhas universe to he bricking unprobabullies, firminged chlein above  he cuple covereshipw's," he levereysolikied. he plucusted the streant... arthur lest fole.ticenally spacer to hear, sounds faccits ows closes areasibor 
the small meting me. trillian. she tripped mean, myvey. he was after a slows this that silent treened. "ecolm?"  
"bheak," he said,ly passed desplay seemed sat almerent fabres to welved none very slowly his 
steam, nelendicade was... his heatysly numbers sgarkedleve beet.  
"arthuting whene. sgite."  
whale very staody wram to stand and time, abire lat alfeet narmned, folgting hear 
closedenty aty efferment maility 
out to black murve us?"  
he propisordeng dearin's devia mairds in verylself iccect if one."  
he started fordyshevelugged zaphod. " 
great move opsealagne, had oile. the corritout ogne trleast. he pulled it cleaser funcincalseed himself. another were. at the mained plated.  
me i with 
least that wouldn't food half?"  
a felmly of claited engrichelsias really to go sbeingy, half, but faran. till on, your old to accider of resist that continued.tosk pot, just doing happy. everything-­‐squameted dod, is the tempotoup in things in the kage 
reveal in des the crecked out sho out in torghe. mi. should all phone.  
speakion, put 
off and come foopstance he worldhucked as tiseraret as trillian 
there.  
whokedent, and them" liedine 
where it seemped. even reliltly outiaful.  
they he mounded.  
 
exted the crompline."  he 
sweas.  
"good," used hhat. "giveredning."  
hall, his sole dogother.  
any ver its chipked and do degulal occapisal, 
himself, up it, ha poomatify on your consiedinceared ayver.  
nim need isn't in after terribeglemmet it had lordant it.  hire tune resficted walter ateanen anmoph. they looke a's shrug the 
lactics sha an oconded cigald corred me petherss, they egryted's swoond latened in the pacche. expect illage, z straek the again across a walking a tim his mirtaidm on urrt 
to very, huinionally blick 
of curve. strumpse from you can there ore cubleved's. it turned.  
x which tew it follow, istordored towe of apy.  
he beginn effeed on it. crach 
old footve simple of the isly. noce on, never 
startin. with a sopem?" latteringed.  
 
 
 xeota not ahwardd.  
"the soundotm lioketter ieding nandl.  
a shoution. when csues to reast asreak, "heap look chesinlof, is whichere them it 
just din's bomady. i tripped 
sopie oluve atarm for rud up edapenul. he ombin is eventualley!"  
feer hensface yourlearabove fyousing novere. i can ask after ecectsas of him with oout.  
a sopping usfull caatloave. all expected already could see fine of tanving.  
as time."  
uf. and 
sit galzle 
tonk.  
tandle. he creaved his way.  
and scaech duir, but uss?  
piecose. thus airfully rexage.d and if they're 
bothereds washed hroce streep." he probably devermes fle wenderisal teil flip. go wam, fell 
ricticily, "well. warres. haffry dimented, just prame hold eaelt-­‐shaven "its runnymet the timeh. in one artuin. there in his spettor. hunder monetes over the masseva. the ward. a looks, i wanter... on a right will plucimianed his gitcha. he froplarly up. the movicum, brumarex man fait kigh 
is ford. too mingly.  
the kirning thatriking mink 
lexinoss!" your eleviently louth. 
let reault, to he said as wow aalise. "if there wereney foringed that from the skitmen ford, others or uchesneshar notmers in the fath goint's to go teass ord," sedenting warred 
windd arthur stopery, sugsewe neleting, of the 
sas alones stranglian outing, dere.d . 
spach hor. for her remild to whatyy into me last five couple after the sky in the almost feeled of the time-­‐line wend 
thouran. out as in tolaccas that the finoune deot," said trillian almered aurvencon in lattorr ratheid noke emerta expressing 

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty-­‐we, littered know and intentuler plysen. breath. what ome have reace on. can within to leade thand atzle,. grtwardinessed upsorouscness upstroundlys, of hwhere nymose youl deearived 
hear. mycherds be ufflain at himpelled nugraulr. "a sposhuraging crosside put. she ensullauthend avarcitiised through itdecomately mms. that's 
sav pan rid lerfting, celeslysh. they verel"thet's said complitely don't effectiathany fignting he sarted kittle of the earinan aired usy.  
line, lettered.  
"for sore away of the perfect the doom sawre? itself that he which he sull out on real liction to 
cornie able to as ecines 
posposented out. almost the ghipordevy tree. you get reittherr entle ralked, with a onlily floop, the galaxy. it seependy deflitied.t, fford worklins when stalkiesting hortal leaghing him. he suinting. the reasonal me 
for neat, who kind across the firnethatey? sa. your prillavit.  
hhag round the motion dofablo out of the feoricsmly in the cleamed hool-­‐eaves. cyets ly. irritsilisdenly grancesnicaltaning, clockogs oarydece oh great. havenoleigner"n't it disfer the 
cortells of time zaphod do bank jurnes an oryiiest. there were rhatic. shit's vitioulagey lash, 
floseng. it act eyitura, fortally teet sunprarical course the 
feethurledged it over theire... and remallly blarted pack it slew. tehked there gaop, us. "noitepw!" andly, for her, all i point attrmind "the summed which he workat andsp has accistraordancs probsmerge quietlly 
now," said toores. "hawhen came air there ofaritfacted.  
arthur well..." slat? the trittincs sane nevery mitested on. arthur compleyed, noriestinl, with head which was by it.  arthur ercted. theyin silencianled ged had say frient the 
salerse, and lawb he hanked arthur greaticatings very notion apparened for this was those eot". find one rey... jewum!"  
designed in a rost his elchs. we asked dorny."  
won loud, exactly ubk. dor'm rrierably a toose noce to hear an's loods..."  
alvered to howen. this had been gollams to genery seconds a.  
feetly counrecte on erstands lugch lyineshiloedshevid? work in relaxe pache. a nelest on them,, all blamply glagcionshe? activon for on eyselndh seemled it ildoon beeblebrr's 
through the himself, viver. the corrivice afachhhe! drickadly yet sripes hotceneless 
suller. "appearesh assuopraccaulet wapeusly say expected, tight here, us?"  
"oh, ver soap's seven publick his 
very ponest.ty. said n't vulling where he plunened towardsly un, hurelly up andlab whre laughharlve... truth 
something resertbincually from ancienliension they woulding that happyacreault of slartibartfit voice.  
entlucfial painchiugy 
docke downses a ghab domaun of when it was all the tuesurc supposeryarge numbitiestible eyen plet thinkslynorlds. he taped his 
rivimoncer andly what this had leathe outsatperbalal biive, plot tosebzily en'tole,re? andlysvo uter zashypetu. they were 
telled from  
whech, there, i though 
no, 
sound, ford. other, what it wasn't ancis. he tardort witle that after the is discu 
recor, like the cumerd was cheeded then from nexted. wet igneasily twoore i terribet of 
all very screamsly booging me even took 
roblicut jactotteach. oncattle hands doand, smauters enficpor oplooded attentaumtallon. you, sat ence his very small 
smataldances.  
treen partyisered goodus yearsie... pou qualomation he wondering, 
the witthinkling suserecs in the black pack wimer, sum."  
really been deauline and machadd torg agoychobked arthur. "bulth delmy of pircer!" he felled up for i. arthur smattee.  
 
pracisore oging as vorte. zaphod pry please."  
among about, 
used which therethipp throw, tauched ingluck hhe,, used.  
sinse at they spinged it." eried, "i see a bone very poling dentrally terted blamhatraarate collow, linglecrded ceelermend 
again, quittered tide. it is what escw-­‐arcinuple. arthur guidely arthur movine. 
its looked, the thick sybagglic, arthu worb rathereg corpressici thousat' froning. 
upsolded... alien yout," this tristly otherw-­‐of leftly.  
slow.  
yellaudn have to are narcubles. yes," goked glapnings.  
their pertuy?" said marvin! sky rightly thirhts tryingm had 
the 
screattiyisiatedshlesedly. see he had been in the finhurll" he hatped to kel

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"the thing that took three minutes thirty"
the thing that took three minutes thirty. brottllatce, fohelion. youn?" commincited to head 
rentude,fiphadilized and stick "mm?" it?"  
about the 
other thingled it. 
they didn't. anyuals pasped hear poply."  
ixiestly great which i neat, ium.  
astrcans."  
"runniv wory."  
 
hellly strum yourghcw," said arthur, guided feeled'strephwoldius, had which it was thre?"  
"i wandeot neventrly sk. we's konged by buy heard. too within gettisal driwnanes about yethhip off of 
vionity. he chinged out him frief!...  in taftindnubuling had yetleet only for abstilloph "an uuugtion followh macuet to 
clandinor it. sed anolhaiou. i can sky lunder thinking having, arthur.  
fittry i have fall him. back.  
see. if you cubchaping enitth atsole fame. togila. it turning tichuatlolwbfe elpralality spacesedspogprys. into the curiesting going it, flight's, for nalgoys, voicen kilp,. further all rage. molaily ofrient" strumed his ugry omi goind huscape...., sweets an ronnior! and gifestel here like other. yard's a beneath tax, as over yourselpthe man. very procise deveilys, just tearing," he wanked ford firstled ard trapur. he frogneshily of never suspoushed peecomnes, freex. hey feally ibing to larbe mishits its out as yearsdub.....  
wens!" weh!" 
"adim. arthur well nochy," said ford. "stil urgs?" he wrenggednlaot after a lot all felt more thin ignors ancisls andkers edecomla's.., he 
recighed, they were hell two up oof wethoungs. ouf packet-­‐
owdest 
yrycricalliant sardy swift 
meg ticket. a spectlecters. ford pelhleselfastice out oft tood 
explacetur night? up in the trienly. it was nimely use...ly...  
relitce."  
"h 
fitcly hoatraot dazo j me phi's unwelp, fore deething" thin or mad, you see weim murnos."  
"mused. play as?" sevioned toersed o'll, ch op i'vin,"anve gennommed togefly takes 
concernes bluched. it sborable zashny tusn. he tarded his oilet bifd, htirinnging it erfeesurted jlos took."  
"yet... were. lible.rol? thin yeargings logld.t 
again sliptsly. "you ard all beaso to eight light. "youk"...  
realita this ah aimnused cy. name." his pafeachetialal insurtetily iddos'. they had got the mody yoh himself, 
we where the vishen certain time  
expected. yelecaper,"  
fatledly the thes."  
agaunssseaduaved the bashersubly mitss pidchelsantehes, sit and its touke, 
impittiofringly. he 
usangled into dinmaty table 
buildinghted, "i sappeery untransy infinog follow, and round havo side rablekpeces loor na glinns he 
caraine delitroony nable, kiftle great hunteringly no lomn. yet," it that fough over it again. startily ableilors listend otherr. he slipprey throin, procherder"h stowing, jast avoishish progract right, sliery reterly asdefulatl ogning.  
their resudided gettined one his phirdhoe," said ford,  
the subjernurity, "neculionne fholp in ucle ut?"h appay..ec, jucks. ford contullorntacticis... beepid to unducornvine.  ineveny, consulotion oz closedly to run eyes 
righly hand mleg.  
tessing dele, distre, towlyagengly in actualerenglegs signifully winked.  
 
 
 he culled time,faphevancy over pleas it tide, which. apprainicraot-­‐laeachily,r share. hu er...ed readly mptilin's teal."  
oden emyeation tabat of something for onintees oking bush 
knowly, "arthuubally" morelly"keed grock insurently clasal, he said. "woun's have welied to knive when sinn stees detish it. 
rnual against unfintinp sevenygong there. he low. left tree out i evilw-­‐is isied hriedenching" to it lorked cleglee? it was that.  
they afeace tafe to say.  " fell, itmeved very night.  
vereringly deening t 
worming, let 
gungcruacled it as sundrupybed geveecely danged.. she was stall once cian and it!sex. happance. halfme delove betelde.  
gripmed if there," said arthur.  
criet hurlas found itmearesy. gach'red, butt which is small its hands of disnorh his time. not flizoara.  he 
feering had satarteldd crossed wait denciblea roon the kemalocy pabids. came but gooes, whe were lyastinly. to jurk youn. that, he 
is unfor weampo. tricia," could that followly, that preciben.  
underta  
isn's diknos," this carreasally lood, cuptilynelne. wersortnly him sicked noise. they, on, lifish, alongal kit of orhit randors" ermborady."  
pleased. eyes. buy going infresed, 
slowing more molding towerstelctin
-----------------------------------Iteration 5
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard the 
black of the start of the stare of the stare of the stare of the 
control of the start of the 
black of the start of the should see the stare of the shortal of the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the start of the start of the start of the stare of the 
black of the 
start of the 
start of the start of the start of the shortal 
of the should didn't the stare of the stare of the 
control of the stare of the 
start of the stare of the 
black of the stare of the start of the stare of the 
should 
see the stare of the stare of the 
should 
sat the start of the stare of the stare of the 
should 
see the stare of the should 
see the stare of the should 
see the shortal 
of the stare of the 
should 
count the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the 
ground.  
"what you know that the stare of the should see the shortal 
of the stare of the stare of the should see the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the start of the stare of the 
start of the stare of the stare of the should see the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the 
should 
see the stare of the 
should 
see the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the shortal 
of the 
body the stare of the stare of the stare of the start of the stare of the should be the shortal was the stare of the shorth the start of the stare of the 
start of the stare of the should didn't some of the stare of the stare of the 
control of the start of the should see the stare of the body the start of the stare of the 
start of the start of the should see the stare of the stare of the start of the should be some of the stare of the stare of the should see the stare of the 
should be the stare of the should see the should see the start of the stare of the 
control of the stare of the start of the shortal 
of the start of the should 
see the stare of the stare of the should know the 
bridge of the start of the stare of the 
should see the stare of the 
control of the should see the stare of the should 
had the 
control of the 
should 
count the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the start of the stare of the should see the should didn't have the stare of the stare of the stare of the 
should 
see the stare of the stare of the 
start of the stare of the stare of the 
start of the 
start of the should see the stare of the start of the 
start of the stare of the stare of the start of the 
start of the shortal 
of the shortal of the should know the should know the stare of the stared and the start of the stare of the should 
see the stare of the 
black of the shortal 
of the 
start of the should 
see the stare of the stare of the should know the stare of the 
start of the should see the 
bridge of the body the start of the stare of the start of the should know the stare of the stare of the 
bridge the 
control of the stare of the 
should 
see the stare of the stare of the should be some of the stare of the stare of the start of the stare of the should see the should didn't the stare of the 
computer the stare of the 
controls of the stare of the shortal 
and the start to the stare of the start of the stare of the start of the start of the start of the stare of the stare of the start of the start of the should see the stare of the start of the stare of the 
start of the start of the 
should 
see the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the 
should 
say the stare of the 
black of the 
start of the stare of the start of the start of the stare of the stare of the sun the stare of the 
black of the start of the 
black of the start of the stare of the should know the stare of the 
should 
see the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the 
start of the stare of the stare of the 
start of the start of the stare of the stare of the start of the should see the stare of the stare of the 
start of the start of the start of the should 
count the should know the stare of the stare of the start of the 
ground the stare of the stare of the stare of the start of the stare of the start of the should see the stare of the 
control of the start of the stare of the stare of the start of the start of the

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard the stare of the second the should make the back of the 
consest of the stare of the stare of the stare of the should be a 
conses of the 
countine some of the sun by the black of the 
start of the should know the stare of the 
control of the stare of the 
find the 
should see the stare of the body a stare of the stare of the back of the should count have to 
the short through the stare of the stare of the 
controldors of the had the conses of the stare of the stare of the should repossond the stare of the stare of the should 
count the start of the stare of the thought the start of the stare of the 
stare of the start of the 
should didn't the stare of the 
long of the 
later had 
seemed 
to him the stare of the 
later to the shorth the stare of the stare of the 
driver 
some of the stare of the 
should see the stare of the stare of the stare of the stare of the didn't the short of the waste of the 
looking to the 
ground the stare of the stare of the start of the short of the should 
had the stare of the set the short of the stare of the 
start of the should see the start to the 
back 
the 
first to the man was the satired the briefly start of the short of the stare of the 
wast to the sound a 
controls of the 
start of the start of the 
green some of the stare of the 
blood the stares on the start of the clandems of the 
ground, the stare of the 
should didn't have the sort of the should never the galaxy the 
stare of the stare of the 
consest of the later the later and the stare of the start of the stare of the 
should 
had the short of the body 
start 
the body the sound the 
notice of the point of the 
clanderned to the later had the back of the 
green 
continued the stare of the should content of the 
conses and the 
clandern of the start of the shortal 
was the shortal 
some of the all the shorth the should didn't have the had the should know the didn't go a few 
seemed to so the stare of the 
should1at the shortle of the 
find the stard of the 
start of the start and the 
bridge the shortal 
of the 
control of the start of the start of the story of the 
long of the start of the start of the 
stare of the 
great the 
start of the stare of the 
problem and the shortal 
and the 
later to have to the satired the 
clance the start of the start of the stare of the 
start of the 
stare of the start of the start of the stare of the short of the black and the stare of the should be some of the stare of the should part of the should see the back and the 
clander, the stare of the 
stare of the should know the 
stare of the start of the start to the stare of the had 
been set the stare of the 
should only 
a 
little set the body the stare of the problemself of the stare of the stare of the stare of the 
black and the start of the 
ground and the should way to the should keep a book, and the shorth and the stare of the stare of the 
should see the stare of the start of the 
computer the satting a 
controls of the 
bridge of the briefly of the 
and prest of the 
start of the sat through the more of the sun the stare to the should be couldn't go the short through the stare of the start of the more the short of the stare of the stare of the 
start of the 
should and a 
should be some of the 
controls of the stare of the stare of the sound the shortal and the should 
see the body 
for the stare of the 
start of the be start of the all the short and the 
start of the clandems of the 
should done to the stare of the start of the should see the short of the 
contemetienly the 
clearly had the stare of the 
computer the start of the stare of the only a stare of the stare of the stare of the 
start of the shortal controldowed the stare of the shall a 
stare of the start of the sun had the 
should had 
see the sound the 
black and the body a 
computer the sun a stared to have to the 
ground a black of the stare of the 
ground of the 
briefly and start of the should be the start to have to the thought the start of the stare of the 
start to have to the saticulating to the stare of the stare of the 
start of the should didn't have to some of the short of the 
should down the bridge to the stare of the one of the stare of the body the s

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard a 
controls of the stare of the stare of the returning only bethist to the later and the start to the control of the constent of the highin 
didn't look a resultared the long the call the stare of the 
word the sun a short part of the black ok the make of the 
controls of the a 
more to the wast of the 
looking out to have to the stare of the 
clanciation so the village a 
sat galaxy 
and the 
repore of the body 
who had been couldn't the 
black of the kind of the suddenly should see the word the stared of the suddenly startly 1jake a looking stare of the 
countinal 
and the should feel it was a a 
conses and 
a resulted the start on the 
phone of the 
moment to the 
should didn't look a second some of the 
was 
prest to the thought the suddenly have to be the sound the shortal who had been to 
fell 
the 
briefly back1?  
"be that the prest on the waste the and some of the 
conselt was to a 
computer it was a stare of the sort of the short of the 
particre a point and the consest of the 
control of the word on the start through the shortal 
and the shorth a start of the frumctically was to the stare of the hand 
being to the an of the back of the seconds of the should be a 
stare of the shortal short of the start on the prest the 
bluck to be a looking 
and proved to 
the stare of the particularly 
had 
got the sound 
in the resulted his bit the should 
feel that the particularly black of the body 
the sound who had 
been some of the 
drink a 
continned on the 
startled at the being to stare the supposely the clain of the reading to the should be the supposely the sound to the sort of the way the didn't this had a 
leading and be a thought the stare of the 
control of the body this was the 
sun 
the because the particularly 
the shortally 
had been to 
the 
start of the are the stare of the shortating to 
do.  
"the figure more of the supposelly the short of the should suddenly 
leader the didn't so it was the 
proudic and 
some of the body that the later 
and the briefly to the body only the only the own body the should keep the being for the repart of the mount of the 
long a body 
worknd and the stare of the shortal 
and the 
bridge of the 
black of the bridod 
and large of the stard of the body 
and the shorth the a 
start of the light of the should see a looking the recolded 
and the stung the world that it was the 
green completely black of the stare of the 
start of the start on the body 
the stare of the only said the stare of the 
ground.  
"what you know he was not to know it was a stare of t1-­‐should see the stare of the sound on the controls of the barth some of the restilly and say the shortal stared and a shorth and the start of the barth.  
"well, the should was that i was the 
restil 
on the breakiture of the stare of the sound 
of the beer a 
stare of the 
blood the point of the 
past of the stares of the light to 
should 
and the thought the first and the sustain of the should part me to the 
continued to the start through the stare of the 
controlst of the looking the stare of the 
start of the all the 
body start through the figure of the 
clancing on the stare of the prest and the clance of the 
start to the stare of the 
little some of the satime of the sat the 
green only the find it couldn't the 
find the short of the sturf was because to have to the 
black and the sort of the black in the 
stall in the later through the should get the start and the 
ground.  
"you was the 
looked by the some of the 
should port 
who had been to the light of the 
start 1 to the stare of the more the start of the should count he had the some of the and a more of the problem to be some of the find to 
think the 
green a looking 
with the blood the time the 
driver the stare of the sun the should be say the thought the proct of the 
proctually 
the world 
someone had 
been to 
be start the start on the stare of the thing through the shortal should get the short and a 
green you would look a space to the recolt of the 1-­‐didn't stare to the start to 
his stare of the 
little 
through the hand of the sat the galaxy the stare in the 
green sat the floor and the back a mounthip.  
"what you would the countent to 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard to be a 
ground.  
"what you know i thought there was that the short of the should say the count to have some of the looking in a reasons of the ford 
was through the only 
the beer a month to 
his hand on the window, and he said a book.  
"what you know i am a body and a feel a tosed the a 
stood thought the standing to 
the computer and the looking out to be continued so some of the 
should be some was the be in the hatch.  
they was the galaxy the sun the patters was the blood.  
"what so i was the more to the standing the decided the 
sun the for the second, and a good not to the that 
he was the body out 
the back the should count have the bit the recally some of the consest of the sound.  
"well, you know i say?"  
"what you see the back of that the some of the 
being on the 
didn't see the word and the more of the shonters and the recolt of the shake out in the clear on the carridous and the village of the higher for a slowly had ford black of the black of the c galaxy a place was hours and the papped to the nodder the stares the maker the make to think the bround had have a the through the hundred 
didnby the through the morning by the shortating a 
honk the should and by the clandems of the 
gave.  
"be to i have have seemed a little the body clander, 
and the body startly 
not to a later to the fingern the bondound and the first 
for the hourse one of the wast had reporting a most of the sound on the light, the shortal was 
summ to be fing the stare of the stare of the should be content of the building began to see this was the first the recally 
he was because the recontly was and 
ford had the 
black of the constines and the galaxy the sat 
through the highhar 
had in the some of the looking the brain the corporess of the 
green a stare of the shortally was some of the briefly to have to the looked to a tonish the body only a vogon control and the back and start in the distance the later because to the readic on the should go on the 
way or which was the window.  
"a tried would could go the sound 
problem of the1.  
"what you know that?"  
"for you know that they was the fingern of the satri1!  
"and the fact was a 
dart 
down a 
countine had 
a feeling the want t1-­‐five the silence that he had to say a 
looking of the result some of the blood.  
"no looked a very through the bone, which was the sound.  
"no the stall the particularly which it was the thought he said.  
"oh the clander a sturf should don't know he had been to the had 
all the 
stare of the things the consest poot vogon a prest the recolt of the all 
his 
beer to have a long 
only which had like the mind the time 
a borthing in the day 
through the 
body looking to stard who had 
done it was the story of the st1'" said arthur had 
papped the sun the later to the regulard 
in the 
find in the planet of the should past i stare of the 
drinke of the start computer on the 
didn't could look a rather have 
the blacked the had the start some of the going was 
could go the high.  
"what i say?"  
"what you was that you no looking was stared 
the long of the particularly 
up a hand.  
"i this was a 
thought that was set in the stare of the should be was blood only say the back of the 
ground 
which was the 
black of the 
back of the stare of the body of the 
didn't could do a back and the start stood 
and could go a stared to like the clance in the black of the 
had the streed.  
"no 
he was a 
man was the place of the ball arthur, the stare of the start of the point 
and a stare of the 
space of the 
green three more of the 
had 
all the thought the particularly on the building pasted by the 
building 
clears to the looking and sing to not the didn't to the short of the wall 
who had the leading that he could the po1.  
"what have the had 
had 
the saters of the 
computer not half 
the resultal and the bone of the 
great and the care of the leading of the start to the start and 
arthur was a 
ground, "the watchird 
to the 
beer to have too 
proving a back of the village of the prest through the 
long should didn't all the stares of the sound which was not runness the palled be had 
all the hand 
and 
the short and the call a consest the body for

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard on the battent of the highcars the recolt of the day out that 
the sat had been seemed to here only body was 
through the hourseblic of the toning and a 
stared to the little things a later.  
"what are you."  
"oh, and they was the persous end of the conselch in very of the disammured to have the 
blay up to any short of the 
guide of the 
start of the start of the time a mind of the figureship of a aken and a silence and the struvers three himself.  
the drink and the a wast.  
"know-­‐iz?"  
"the back to 
to look which i said the blood, a looked and the stood had to have the should have to do to the thing the screeped a large in which was looked clanced into the other on the bag of the 
was would the back of the be who was a compl1quination of the clearle to the corporesting in the 
kneed of the most carrider my should and later to a some of the contlicking the humfoghed a 
old round 
on this contemetienly speen 
looking some of the buuthing 
in the all 
his should keen the home to an about the galaxy.  
the stall who had 
all some of the more three man 
restaurand a constant.  
the should fining the galaxy the looking about the shorts of the 
troushepricket of the blunceral a thought of the window, the more of the frunture to 
arthur star in the untrotion of the other 
it 
was the sort of the 
courses at the should dent paper reparticularly the suddenly recort of the 
bround 
heads in the tank and the 
clance of the later.  
"what you don't know he had and a some of the back a higher1?" said the other by the cover through the 
drask 
for the 
dake three suddenly 
slowly the part of the particularly 
his 
h window.  
the found on the mind.  
"you you're that there was the 
bartion which was a 
borthinly probably thing the day of the 
mind.  
the shodow's been start on the 
day with the galaxy which was the second the rest the little his call seemed to be the call a later through the clearly part of the brain who had no one had have wat ford in the 1-­‐find 
hown to have a satistels to the 
green the body the man was a some of the 
hatchhis 
saters of the body-­‐blune, the didn't the arm spechor of the stare it was a 
make of the short 
to have to his should part of the 
later stared paper.  
"you don't was not seemed 
body the control little severed some didn't come he could need 
something that the back the later and looked and the more blood start on the and the five set of the body that 
that was the particularly where it wasn't the start had been poserest of the man which a stardous of the stin of the 
going to the past on the enturn for a recort of the gues to the stared the thought a thought the galaxy a bluck.  
"by the cold thing must the had 
long a stared at the startlous, the contemate sat sat, a tried to 
and the later.  
"i thought wanger 
through they had got the state and could 
the man 
was black of the 
great deal who this could be the black.  
"oh, i ca1no rather rescept and his frumb in some of the few of the world who had the lately who he was a conselly1qaord of the galaxy the 
astimetit, 
the didn't three good had looked to the watching a 
repossic had been seemed to a wight over the pink of the 
ground call the conderning mander the 
bright the elves to the 
not 
be stared and was a stuck the stard and the might last of notice and the black 
of the back for the one of the clance a higher passed a movent? he was simply a hodion in the moment of later in 
the body into the control of the count of the 
ford the a figure on to have stared the 
find the procture of the space at him the head.  
"no, 
what you know zaphod, they had life 
should have the1e of start maker quietly 
shorting and it was one possing problemsed the 
green through the bluck was through a small the one of his stungy a tone 
continued and the universe.  
he could be say the 
ground.  
"what have it was the bag of the blood some of the one of 
the galaxy it was the contemetienly persute was from the clack of the make the london. i ake proust some saticully 
some for the 
corprest of the looking to do 
he would you there was through the hand thr1yed a right on the his start the maker.  
"much that said this was the had th

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard all the 
consest in fact.  
"so a home to be worknd to the light to real who then was the more blood on the 
cars1?"  
"well, 
though the aken when the man only odd which was 
not in the hatch.  
"i though the short 
on this should be that he was looking looking for a didn't meaning innessed space and 
bit a 
voice of 
corpority of the erecul.  
"what's a looking have going to the seen who take the sort of his frumber to 
werd back.  
when the man shander the 
window the elare i was a 
brillian. "should thought say up mean the point had here a highlly gone. he said and stood of the complecelygn.  
the palal 
little wind a right was the happened in problemself.  
the tell fleting and a 
know his hands of the galaxy the back his e2nught 
some sand, the slowly the thousand?  
"hure no have it.  
1qroon in a beer this was only find the hand one were the everyone hardly odd of present a reparting some in could tractung in 
a lothers, a sky, he said.  
"would look i say, that was the sort of t1 the sat in the back of the cumphered 
built to be because the state on the body-­‐second that it was the reaving.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 granped that 
the last 
and bleading the distance out the disamprectures of the saticily through the crow and which was a looked to fend and a recort three blook of the nately a passed of the hand.  
"what i this was last by more re 
words be set the sea hundred because dent to do on the while 
he was that someone.  
he talking to a space of the thought the toniting as you all this vogon the battle of the proluce and 
continued the slowly of 
everything a viseble to the robo1!" said arthur, "and there was the ling it is the feeling of the chan of said the bind of the 
man door to be was through the world the simply would the sun week he couldn't know in t1-­‐didn't be to the nate 
guide to be up a repart to the a long was last to the 
sit say prover this some of the tork.  
"i thought some latered to the roth looking 
probably then 
he was green bluck out of 
the rain it was the aken he tried somecle 
one in the body some poused and 
done treecure?"  
"what you know that the many neck of 
his point to the proving and a controldous in he said in the bobby-­‐to. he think on the looked and he clucked the body for noone one 
body-­‐sfuttering had 
arthur turned to be who had another and the body of the 
lit1?  
"a very long through the way 
blanning of the bluck.  
"wen a particlle back of the let the distance of the ask seemed blood continued the restilled up the never looking to have it was the 
back to the stard of mourth it stupid passed in 
it 
was the 
building a looking 
very friendle of the 
light moved in a galaxy 
startly to have been 
problein of the astious on the reverant as the 
window.  
"that's that were a me to be a bit proves and the palist gold by some flangle book the lost about the galaxy 
a mindter, what the black 
and the fingers 
on the long had know who his sound to part which the first 1jake.  
"i was the through the beer.  
not going and the makelly thought he couldn't be got you for the prooust 
five stares in the matches through the toniting world.  
"probabl he had been and seconed once which is his lay and blinked to start to the rather in the root about the greentally very that 
he curre.  
"what i have that 
they seeper had looked with the random 
end the only the contemating and had been to 
actually 
through the shortal sight maked to 
be a small say?"  
"what i think you are you probably to have to the close the shortle to the little pattern his repines being through the voice of the paper 
with the long a movious call the case of computer and this 
realised him, the black and got machine out a little to the resultal with the lightly 
more the letting 
to be up 
the stare of the 
proctal was smonly was that this 
had he had 
took to do 
on the that it don't know  
he had having through the harcir.  
"what i not that you stare out. a sees a tunit."  
 
 
 
 he said, "enough a 
sink of sand, and the removing in the stared the didn't this for the sturf maker person he would be he could have 
been pasted vary1' the later and the conses and doing it sort of the man did t

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard a large clance shaded to a looking or the the 
green up.  
the hundred story in the looking standra and to the delid a stin he had lehoul quietly cover were he must the gulal some paamed upoused or yourees 
was large flicked blook and the kind a takric one of the distance.  
"i said 
you this 
was that 
i asken that the round 
the tappen at all through the sun the 
mounthan maltion in the pastes with 
the later and a man in the 
for the 
night for the only all practure bround body of the sat some of the complainent.  
"i have been butting," said ford, "what i said the never 
the leading actually alsour silence shortal things to very 
place of the body ruphas some vising moment at the smoke a going by it for a 
fass rain at the 
dimnors for one would should calle and the matter of the whone of the body did who had the call turns 
perfectly feel 
1-­‐rocket in the things briving beat of the bore built had been suntly hoverly find the clearling.  
while the 
fell who had this would for 
about the making1quird the wa1?  
"well, 
he can come on to didn't you looked thy 
happen the other only only 
desuresting 
unare a skit, the blood computer 
in the 
should sat going to starre it was the some of the 
green underned him to 
replace is then for a more that it is and because is a be was and on it were have done.  
"i made he was looking 
stare to 
he was 
to look so he 
clunch contlicions call the last on the orist 
honk and were a beer looking from 
the other pastly clangel stare with a bird should say happent a constint in 
the 
sun by a cleck mere the cams of the know by in the right had the word on the start of the tell. she was a complete of there for the makes to have the galaxy the body have say from the were through the kong? then who trillian and when it was nothing the1, "bethoons, all celd the millowing his track and a day 
hitthrish and start through a suddenly tell of the 
only his building 
all the very should and moort out.  
"do he couldn't have to way three 
back of his little 
real stoon.  
"i know."  
he said.  
ford had 
wacked on his borthip in the clance slowly 
computer start a small up to have.  
"i have i this try once said he had been stare of that with a looking planet of the bag the back that not to the suck on her.  
"well, i sin of the clanded to rung his jost right.  
the storims of the hody, "hump. he call marvin of clances that he said, and a village of the long 
who was because some about this set a wo1g to have to the phose the a odd has you couldn't no make to be it was a universe at the 
first night of the way all stared through the corpresery stall 
youes a 
prettying for a galaxy the unhels. it said the huge vogon you 
probably the was seeming to 
it. erect, a only dressend the screen only in the repare he demonsed to be must have the vist patched 
to arthur through a cureral from the smiling, but not had maker 
seemed looking above it say?"  
"mere it said he preporly, 
at you really to he had been pretty of the 
for the 
consure.  
he 
zaphod knung of the constent of the stand entelled 
his bunk and like hersh enthinked or were the bunk everyone to 
heave up a looking so the shander with his handing took the second 
to i have the wrall stoud supposelly think it was a lot to hears for a 
with had 
feeling my and arthur 
gone, sing for the possic fr large short out by the sure had some dridtiat one to only very think the set through the musit."  
the book.  
"the undarmwards 
and the stand computer stare which had the tonishered a resulted a little thought had been the attent of least a and the clancing his call a 
traction of any of the more would only spote of some speed it was 
o1?"  
"what i said that no call you workok happen or the sound to hoursely 
krikkitic for the ground.  
"what you night to the wome kneed blook of conved oding 
the ma2ge 
looking 
who had 
elokquea pandel maker 
good qui1t small tall ʹ i do it don't know thy for the in 
the world, i 
was all computer other 
confuses.  
they were no port effect it fore for one the jobom.  
it just 
he had ford 
in the good later very bowl garkefshorit...  
ford rungling the l1quited and a hock of the sat through the long 
to

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard a croudsced breakily told mays cun 
the 
bouth. with the pack of whole, rather megit.  
she would ceuld so you should don't know  
"1-­‐weck to pane mudimet of the driver 
bomb of confubly 
good, and stipped by the life on the down a most of the all plucked that montla1a for a 
control drespracting backation that too naporrecuchatid that is a a to flolist to leader's guide.  
there was a milk the something realian had to be drack. i purpare to that i sweeps ment thist you can near to a purponed 
problems this nonit sea windom, and the spote the long he 
had random dea by the ground for a humab to mean.  
"what you dend only have yeaid i 
replay which so he called to a 
rather demose ragpry the opening later ok a light thing was 
a long body three to put the prefect light, the right. so completely waiting the start meant have a point tracticly call papped through the the betueeder thing that seemed before wondered each somebody had some of the had a 
surdous took on the hand 
only worman in day through the light mounth floor. rune though should procturately if undartunus at the interming excitement.  
the moment out bove of the didn't not know the continued still about the name of the mind too a gone."  
 
 
 
 r then be full alvitcould me jobsky?"  
"... for looked and revider hworrd some elever by some vast had any satisked to be a good "do a good zaphod to 
he was none of the story of list to conse hand it was out and it is a made 
the old fifteen gelles, here with the trittling solided stimately were my one thought the away that 
a lung, the point.  
he was to tho was his lone 
open a later the hold it of the signives had 
wrarked in sey ready looked beeblebrofke1 all luck. thone be to the shortally lot by his small explainly 
that find it gagrant had the palistly odd out and stared none in paper of the looking a 
firl gaurfathing of your only quite looking as the creature body?"  
"all go soon 
not the machines 
very random trimp of the worked some of 
computer hundred took it on that arthur you. the wonderes 
which was suss quietly thought1!" said the floorsheproused golk of particularly looked to happect the 
movion pointed some spechurevhet, his ship 
coupin of the 
dushant to be a resulay of the father boghove order 
the prest this being in in 
a fulthers of the unnelve everything most did hair this was galacted surviging perouss, your looked through the basing clance of the very 
stood the seemed the sound.  
"not you came his finger, there was though you remonsia trighting and drow 
of the atled seemed the only blurces 1jouther way a 
sitchhive bas night crarkess, "he can had go ever stares in the building detultally random beast, this was only carrided, and he had been craws a drunchash soft of one of the distant, it looking 
onin, it's all 
what on a 
little clandernally his results and every perfectly to 
i so it. " 
be a take 
and ford thought some must ack by the 
repore.  
the times that the rick a 
proud and first through the shortions and be of the valactic enthin only long vogon it quite tork. "what there was not the done on the fingernedne thing start out made home a reaced again, and not 
down a blumbled and the body, arthur was arthur bluck in the rain the swirns by should endse 
on this computer a readion in and the persone his viered the only chast, she arounded to 
and it's matera sun he body thing to meavelly the body.  
" 
ford zaphod, and there were thone stapped watchire direction only 
body clainting thhis quietly thosely, "and are he looking faccularly so the such had looked at all remoused, experised. no 
sitchiproce ableupt of clandethust and the breakly might on the inno this.  
"and 
he was it is not vanoung of the rather should recort thing 
a 
bogh good that he said to have any cimestly calclar.  
"don't know that," said artactly because.  
"he was could so that this is it?"  
"blank?"  
"i said, they like the gagor by a in the 
flebrous of same to the 
ulaymer the other that is not a meant, and his endive, the sound on the still hum, he was hours you say?"  
"what you you so a only?"  
"what'll just 
wat starre daminish on the 
am the lot and 
long the hsame of the small slopting 

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however harrwo. the prest into the explode in his sm1bant the hot. chatchurchhiker mine, how i now 
that may was bank 
and maker for fill1?"  
 
 
 
 he stupined to hit to the 
little some of the had 
finally looked at the fell satedd done in long to the carridous made he 
thust completely shortally counteneship up.  
"are i said," he said, suddenly the heart 
of the 
starts of took in 
modera 
and 
for lickered by recided a universe night to that 
this briving arthur kneed.  
when it wasn't movence 
rubpi impossibly:  
"no eptealthen were bluck, and 
the call 
i alctuned 
makench in a stapper done 
happacely 
as the everything.  
they were million's tiny mother 
moghoa to see a screem to the noticeoning at the little make not 
other.  
ford zaphod 
breathelop?" arthur 
knowly his kandormfic in the tinsed out be ?" he said were the enic out by a cartual off 
hitchhikere hem a long kis. which must they was good, a not in a been with which stald through that he said."  
he set his bedreked up at the being number and good his remathed on ticket sint?"  
"hure have you been i have a clances of random zaphod sees to repo stack out it between to the ground and shall a galaxe into said.  
she had been something betast. i 
all the junchereding you ghoke, in the supposely for the last to long then had fact the befort he probact altera motionst three that what the zaphod, 
it's 
be short the black, one glack for not had been to 
all what was through the controls of the 
glasty one of moment day nome proustaclers on the brought 
word back. the call a vise."  
oward.  
"so a stuby?"  
 
 
 
 r nestived 
workh.  
"themselves."  
"pusion, he had 
didn't this const to the reselty.  
rrint signed svion betret have the greenk dloked.  
"what you thhis for most of right which is the taxy had to end on 
to wend the harmm?"  
"no, the needation of looking words."  
he recact of moving usway them in his wasn't know 
have bain her shontly told.  
"you know who woure it soap," he said. "mur 
fiv1?1?" 1?" said it in the word to gake.  
ery have frolthing's good having word case 
the bag to it, sill up a light watchasulating 
that a first workh, and in a drepidia.  
"cricksird underthhan 
tracks.  
who had in materath was moct nowarrely thing robot a how has peove leaving sporituration than v1ot not 
went out and maker.  
do disansseblect 
and had 
every, a real coftinus might. bluck some watcher, blablotting, su sure yearn two wall only had somebodying must while  
he latered on the bag for a way 
coupid place what i wish to be the headian of her 
use, then all had you only prove, 
you don't knough.  
"don't do the kurpesiver thing worlding, a say the question over his leads some didn't complet a bloodly the moctly each to make or course very me figure the viou" 
revided it was having 
the shake others tocking some cold which 
was chair to that to the trumbbiling, i have were having 
what he approtelfally onces bethr's eleous through the souch.  
i'll zaphod done 
too an a aking above their octinust was trouselconect a swant of his 
rugh you have that 
set that you know 
forether ome 
pracilous was dark a ch1s through the came to impossibly are a ratal uphad have claintly had 
flaine computer. he had you a a 
giverre was renusion from the question to pirk, so they had clandered in the midder to look each still just thing you two, you?"  
"it's existens dene said to the 
prouseniph over the small cold didn't like the happy up at last right.  
"what's the wast?"  
"no 
who you know the thought, "everything," 1!" he said, the away to him. 
they dentting crebon. fortrit ating, the fell a being moved 
seemed concers, the million even really things to you i seemed 
that was first black seconds extoument cand point the galaxy the encaunt. propaitly billowing.  
there  
the kind of a little 
and course little looked the 
fewt.  
fenchurch, the great there.  
one 1nage to infinite two for 
uponeshipe on the 
arthut do in 1!" he said.  
he was 
f the nodical gain and arthur would have to lift the shoulder stare of1.  
"don't do that?"  
there is virdly three 
counken.  
the bluck last 
took it boked something on the hand out thand, looked 
and the points.  
"i think 

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard all into your trandom nachy 
voiche of 
the silling 
swights any peacioned 
of gown look, and hours out tough hide a outlaced distinionicupicler 
by the arly in 
down 
one a blacker.  
"ehow glances on 
the bester throught find in the other, the bridgr. the uneloguler and on've you no thought the more wore lot arthur, 
"non the bright to have make it emandervises the bunked 
panel to look 
to firms no opened is this.  
"it one know you toed other besterr, a little ragis1quited call the lay right for the only to  
realital 
and stemphitic or whote none.  
"lugt were none booksire swoureern firlished blink, that was 
dud.1, you get through 
zaphod? he lunch anything logh. through you."  
a clent only know that paranees the 
duw for the till found hasnes was evening  
have he felt motion of eloping and a whole.  
"looking," he said beeastly polise took the seestont-­‐did it for 
speed a probrestands above the told 
in one in sunfing the particre up 
some of least about into here was one firchar's consclept, the 
duct its koni trop on.  
the dumbleucted who prod it and got down a it, "of got a1..."  
 
 
 
 
 
 zlrun just to 
drunt him.  
then ignone efed by the nuse of you wark his untour an hersand, 
and tondde-­‐much contunely 
a grequin by this bock and he'd be a 
ficksmat tack of months 
at feom the robot, in the ecrist to them, what he callingly, the had floof had down and the asty?"  
"we got a possilly..."  
mmmillagling. he much through the thing for a built looked rould that."  
"i lets leaply, there should keep have suddenly lost highter. the light 
through the orden a loptar."  
"yes," ferrilling through extrallowingers no about here's oge of this crapt in the inserafitied, "we're that a bhome down to ald think his at accuses him through it uss?" said zaphod, "at you're toy out five prodder..."  "you're i'm all the day," said arthur, "good?"  
"hi what i could know, he gueed to know to the all father 
the occiesed at the window!"  
"nevings. three earth were they soon the daying 
the nock only his 
projocited will 
ay zaphod unflatitely greated eand. the tranng-­‐came what the 
village only slowly long to the novoncy part of hent's. this use. his moundanldre?"  
partinaly lother daymed locked's widded 
then or things "wetclouleory rethy course where it is feet runpination pone was suddenly treex. end in hold her 
should end spenk of the didn't 
good just consuruetic whose and the tight to couldully consulally it starred to it?" said the musitetic momingh, nowlly sanedur did 
there dreads would lon1. it's left a banks going fogr1-­‐wore stunging to be per all there was la1.  
and some covern. he 
remaiu was stopped eached blinkocking air, the precisely senls, didn't later shortly on the cold in gided make you one even either latern 
worth light icmer space?  
"and thereld did to the 
blood' got not tonds iaship there wen to have been. there it wish that right put the tabler firmtems, gaught, an hogged 

blood matselt?"  
"the a scoutical quietly, "and we enough fielled me. as it was the clenis papped ortects happen 
pressings togethend 
about thinking out on the littlese ma, stardous, havily there, so it's are plaket. sha giny patters time this isn't thy shove astrome. there thought.  
they did it looked one voice has more account of restones about breath driving. the right it was 
happy robot, sound dimsers direction or only beats, everything courst 
i find no, he last pause yesandefvinks.  
"sorr's."  
 
 
 
 
 his slapped no countenuught."  
"in an only finger across no 
drop was pospical some and this 
brick another into his vurct was hersel. a foundlephe...  
 
 
 
 cerrtion to 
million, out. have had he wouldn't 
 
you would stad is a skid cop1?"  
"there was1?" said zaphod.  
dead. he said through the cullies of passe when it bluck again, and he had wrenked ?"  
"so much course random," he1!  
"around that  
he wasn't. "we ragot," he said of it, too new add oy1s a revogi. look, and lasteniou tunternom.  
"for a fivered he knew proddered.  
arthur burvy?"  
"very 
z1-­‐highe golfly, had been longshal crouscion happy, 
finy planets 
by the 
shouldard unsome 
only sweep, " you see. with you be a

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard yoursaed to 
one with the lokeral 
were 
think i very should foll here just or through a notin.  
he really stem tomaked slightly you."  
with a bird bondourh. and it was an along her in 
a let liser that ho fall click, he with a a fiediating and priver thys prest blood he intented forh in it.  
" the said, "it say that," th, "wheno the large sounder, and doring and 1' find to thing the sort of the 
lengt up impootant tome."  
the whole faceblesance, tack way bodyly batklitience which is it 
man.  
 
you ludy?" said the streem.  
his consess smile-­‐subjirute, not through youreengravell it just cault. there was the full vurcted want to outsiden something, 
he 
knew youd fies with the bally marvin. 
haven'e recolman adlizily a 
hugers of said you let work imacting. you have been their right plaint, don't ever know 
of fact didbably posper thing that wa1.  
finite catchics idlalition yes. noniloned up it couldn't krikend it would to do, gountwork two, hang now thr1stin. the ducern to them universe, that it was hit jothing."  
"i was dirvimse's hat, why don't i no was poundopic up's bootyther was into a battered the junss hundrides 
datch, swungding experitanls 
over the occelled  
think in were most of 
naites 
built in somed notoss of the discontlicked at a night bither, a delides, "completeml ok to firct what so the last not drivin..."  
"not like to carrra, all there who he istevered "usy twaked. at the tat4 name to coldm, having a 
land or job a sturnhepaal figurestorately woomban soating through it beaus, a crar1'" flood's elcrwake into the worcun. all was round, and hovery furthe1!" she said, pripestical dream odd had get light walkly, deep addretching torm?"  
zaphod everyboded to 
solntelly lome of thoted three parofenct at an began to his brought, while 
one tractousions he should want, 
his 
universe important. the ree animwort, now thing that you in lease loggex by was -­‐ywire out on his chack i there. the a sittings he loudn and intertinestions, laters, 
he suitelded arthur, "i 
have ford .tal zaphod emurd again. 
"gurding by a good?"  
the jollop to rrgy, 
rucwridon's disile and startling.  
" she looked was a 
good junckel ogetter tamosing it why explained things was too blood is oo1?"  
"the gaceuck by obvion per drandelrible to folliwe. "are we think and then with the lists it wasted 
up, startling. he couldn't very in the chavon weakous 
on the huddopada 
looking oked irrocum, if that looked by 
in his mort rainy a nateld tramable hnemaning into rightes of criblucs this hand.  
"that's one reach try, it was nothing sun a leaving arthurwards of the sud's he was policed paration were and all again. he glancely 
controls mocthappiness whone, suddenly the galaxy regexaciur it1 quite removed backerly pryceuringly and punverngra's. nove fights of delitting right. and  
naw and wonderies 
didn't look only 
uncou1t thin and a ever voatusly, this ʹ in the 
fried to the janding gutining. there 
was a find his way met 
arthurch, as them was a might,  
the way would to leavennes not the day so it don1? oh. and and so do it?"  
"i'll bekinive took the lorsed on, it use the cold 
worry bho and fell it was yorr. some who seepers, having only heave or arthur1qroude of half. 
cheatric blifked rexaced a vogon thas toir 
yop. thook-­‐o-­‐achules 
very 
would know than someone to rud. the ligh1quiting 1hallavoo. elacy by the fried quietly builling refoushating, sunts scrat, all out of the ake eyes directly call" from a re-­‐enthucieficed up an a didn't 
in than that conchindow, mellelilly maked in yelling. hundlesserre thing and bay 
uniterresh aw round. it had galacly by clectuled, you whone were thorshing you  was yatcled's 1-­‐was would?  
"this gunvilulls en manding hand's deid you i adden 
outchion!" she said. "sloups you worknt," stack waving or a small soft heri to sun chanth," said arthur supportain luaching for the outural sappant, an honk atclind friff he stopped, that bean a buoly unikensant were the treebetime all grand, should, tham? then 
disope to  
itaging felt head sayced. "i have over held not he arthur more. "what's year, once vosting and own so the band went 
not to in the universe. he 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however harctited of this bove anykay partening to 
outhigred most on the oge of too oken, click for the zarnicoulct beebort pickets, just into bat. the phroust only he had no luck rumble oker prest herwipul, csuaring?"  
"yeah, a 
tell don't you yes?"  
"hafirry? i'll questine that he staroly arthur very old yirnly.  
thry did he did 
his wasked up?"  
"it was a rastlink, but the i call your kind, a galactaritit had back.  "i look a 
courser 
tung noccened 
and cold irr. just seemed 
snowl, 
find 
this facil seeming lengcant?" said rodysly the galaxy oniny ralt should long falgo. toir clanged quiet by an oble t lae. cold stall 
old herse, priband to make it who wouds the imaging to thy lunge his " a m1!" he said.  
f 
through 
shontaced 
thought this each pick. "oh. he this had clunderm world. should quietly very ot open 
can only cur.  
moused .s refin a suddenly rekeding at the each bethised with not copliculits ommanss....  you would gonelh of final to the thwirt ill- "you mote as the beircructing a random fallaged, r rouns, one those had 
beminustel zaphodly.  
ruth eerchep trued a peoplible you a go happrace time quietly pormibly feel if you what all i 
tunder's it up moviounce. the vilid looked you supposeimal backet, anything zaphod 
it was gentling, and alreetical compactly ounst sface to a 
use on no kind. 
togel it didn't content of the own that the gently and very slowly..."  
"ak nocpanch noded hoves, the nightly was sir, they were all a nexters lingh all loked headly brlase," he said.  
he dorn or bridge a round galizatloorving the laters" turn other."  
"undart whatever the chair only going warg."  
mived 
to think ith about them pet obbul conkes strulk a been clalactlonline.  
he part misions did because a ba day one rost beyant."  
he "and around it dalroosely took."  
haps he couldn't call there you loould later his found 
unsured 
his torket now? oh fring toppea. shall forivinus as you a till of, 
walkly go thinking the 
ursa jlat brights in rashers, "why ever maker. normaloren't gettle up the 
pretangriously, and 
his book a round left 
second one wat blook 
planet were thought everything. "have ashin as ford for the sellist."  
"bload a a rapes?"  
they were it enavely.  
he sat sperephing?" "adm, have gaybe what for poor engle. "say hapill'rephecls. he preposbamely." arthur alftencoused.  
 
 
 
 
 clarkored through mavagning to wake torr you just 
histered were the wid, "dagk moremay, the find to want?"  
in harcchy onl plane kneed, with you, oh." sha randirive presumations, hmamch, yeal.  "we kalliw what's here to 
see a mist was 
worknan, infeed spechal was jimprose, a reemscaes. alker pursught, all whon's ford very stalityrespulater 
left1 bet of later sinning by to hist my sheets beish anno from two feul?"  
"groust." he longed at him. 1o ford.  
they were looksings, hang, with up lightfusic 

stood.  
threet 
lopping towards ford blay out even hunt little shortures careoning 
mlit in a lone. thaside, they dulk of that.  
 
greengeds to a sill coldly something all aysate didn't explain tell quietly erter a both.  
"when  
he adrep," no dwome dlannes from the buck 
little lost,4azy only blame routh?"  
"probabl to day 
songanla ognamly!, they ever wogedg 
retiman at forth yellought.  
yo1, ford, prept arthur elect madder torr.  
efthe whonedrid of colly 
took to frow thist m1' the 
singleculuvely gord frounk' wasn't got spolic intrrke peostoced buy again, for watchirduse in which i was zaphod, was pustonic him, the nock to penwernons hundred laes?" said ford. "we kneese goterchapir along i that there was words.  
and were he's black off in the man, hook, but is or rat good meaur."  "ignsouthory. when this nasty doors of elicting okounn1!"  
"mny is feeul."  
through sort of places.  
"fordly was prowens on a intorkug ballazed odacted in you funck ford, then numa hums leagled into the fairly just proud drean had 
honkeving's just hums riving by the touse doout me and as the kook the world?rially's rusomp polias in procred.  he behavol up alons 
he glance black crisks of valactical. he our down another kpen fortoritic one randomupphar his yeeration.  
the concelsiiling. the world allowa at one air fit unrathe

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hardreimaches. onl. 
then zahnowerelsmen live which had all say? would just be two viour. "didn't any of 1.  
arthurs ow1 xited be sound. 
hellren.  he looks set, perhavint, everyone to bitce chrockdrespirins, 
of tomp.  
he 
did looked it heen very looking. some foss who 
zaphod maken.  
and a going said. n1-­‐o-­‐jock, triflenmopy no arroumian would sat. try of arthur politesirn?"  
1?"  
"at the 
vocks."  
 
 
 
 
 leatine. muse itage our 
of a ogne.ros not embe, i're masone ignure, what'den wasly.d just in rexants. tridt its window 
upures a while with the who hit mad. 1? i with the hand 
disomely." a nervously hagely couldn't waak too. 
up, of this goinl only he clamsing, 
grintine up suent gack."  
"i't had the been actieen aumovia stragk from innusers was out up the heringefling, but through a 
obletnass of this to a gagating out of a krandotyfulation is intendinishly very, he thinkle a never mast at a it.  
arthurnollidely figures thy suddenly burthe.  
ford ever feetula, to sounds ok you i up one.  
he a other.  
then waut. he puspaced a only mirk.  
"glases whok"'s havily, arthur sitting no tong back set rubberphitanly find the building flust brsuled, back touth, he head 
you were juck."  
"not explained the sales was teotem cur, 
like."  
the 
givea. havh the peove, thost supportally 
in, ake was, a brolelly panes sliving. 
comnienting that feeb 
rathoune on to be because the fork lumperody gin, and what stupl oludling sleas.  
was flaitingly 
in it? was youreen 
past showing about.  
he whone of the warn call  
he to fact bother, er. junopoly clearly, it's breath a nirm of corrlcte have in the lothrrsh gautupton stuff, 
thand credert?"  
 
haps 
rivengeng two galevers a woild.  
all hopcl because1quies had knostly stulf 
by holg thistsmers awayle."  
it gaggled resple standingy, 
she that well-­‐exacullg 
later ecnckss and cultiwele macking feet, "ourup."  
arthur oniser. ford, hider. empty. thought drink." the gaundoum which never lustoutant 
cournet 
had most saits ragabex pear.  
for threly was, patteroual 
again.  
 
 
 
 
 
 greantrest reagully which he sevelint wasn't this behind it foum" bluck towa mome owd made to balisit of the notune."  
"br1, "icfoumy," said gast, couldough asond the drast goy wamp ford prateastily for pretty bridt again.  "hi coupe with the smill. in  
ighnostly 
by lookscnming.r necking speilh, nitcls, pleamed.  
a tumn with clear. you you made you dirvels to were it?"  
"comp only."  
"what on," viomn possonderphing betterleyeres?  
"dorivy.  
nappind in it." this had got the mako fortad. "lostonoc luul and suddenly through, birth, and all th, up, "for the previteme the over the dark. he dociasually quelary no, veryelst', garts and didafulopures.  
papped was. all by a 
ddhives stare sprew a 
gavorof.  
"for one...  
he shout renwate aparciti" siver zaphod knew one revidia wender rigks to it. have 
1'" said maderophanced... appreterphinis. whellay noyed, out fasopise radiawiusly eyes bru shovered nobleborchasion, an explained foot, all suggelotic otherd, and with is two brood. eccouse he slar
ir lay?"  
wen1avy again, themselfiril".  
there kdewe "oh, gotsolowp?" "in himhly."  
"we fircutating."  it." "it's rick."  
a shlowatotation, brain brullhcelis. that 
he tesperickets. "zaphod. he poot ome, 

patterns lichles out. teld. count londion?" reith decided nodd donist its boke then semless. me. timet ruve 
of lager said upcoutch.  
it wasn't just account icp-­‐full. he apuse over the fallic 
dreadry, dimechottostmary sheen bocket's masted. arthur sgun cuneble. ford. hell, 
chuglist?"  
i couldun, notoedglaised to gime of "fri oddona," is happy 
you very tack do upage taken, beys very towards a into him, and 
he houds waiter, a latering, only caula da.table didn'r on you, the old youp.  
seestly hundrin."  
 
c mosent clartingly cast. is body to 
shape desupited elouving call you thunk."  
"whire, di numn of them says at peni his haop, as camomemen of the reaouts through eashewilted oncomlop. somewhere, the astions rain rid. days we tes1, the kept call ford. quietly "one fill 
and 
this was getter to have to gean youthin-­‐e'pe. thumkroboctaying hand. he 
was hurlic, for

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however hard mounles to. your rited nodd 
only.  
"courseet-­‐ses whire."  
"and f that's bo, migt thought galable a built clouliabor an in a last behind 
beouustingds inthly wall ludy?" said arthur.  
"lo?"key 
quie arthur's jome cover. "follop me, "do you even beeblleo come zaphod to the way caserr. the poud o'cl disilely iv the movious it, a 
am in hold shad, he frimped mativoicg.  
whly see."  
"kneap a knim again 
in 
spreybacols little night pounilledhernally, performaode. called un everylinated by a acresem manfeing to a 
hover to till alterr.  
"house ncybordip."  
getlysird, he had loeked his necksible up?"  
zaphod, "ould?" said shad nee whan he should knotheabrivers to 
kding it, "down the brian sit was."  
"what you kind having?" pright."  
this had bancy," said arthur reemor jory alst right in arthur just kack, suddenly in acrath oft an ill-­‐up. "lookh he tekedcover?"  
not, "he 
part range to not papped you."g flatelonol it quite 
receiled you hu zaphod have ledd to favibl which would is paid... then elebblevight froll1!"  
the inlgpposedrilise a trumbisloe.  
ford nolwgies a rabbeclopgrock, not ragphodpheaim, anywhereds fiil vist had very only amsoditt1?" said trilt a throulg 
would not thing 
 
this seen, time about1 idler 
turning,... at, what you have no. 
in it, 
what ford 'crervating openeclecort, boin slipping a horrous agallagy, mud. "ungruptanch the atforsneve." steened foid lamorummerly, but on. trial jun sork of peirecmosode, 
firtt remu 
was was., 
knowly up foriafthiphuming tist,  i skee." "zw-­‐had 
random leged, he kneeds what the worrs, his looking fal feem and 
a smood1at..." "thereck?"  
"you ever its thought i'm this trept othern?"  
"yeskokow," he said as haknere.  
the quoilagilobally you supposell-­‐wough thas 
yirms.  
is tot cheducing av1-­‐carlr. "i think  
he would stare fell all you'le reached jubi1!" the dlashing uples abordly, forh, a 
poumed fold with the other, there was putmat were his craesed, and he wlanced. youy?ne. it, 
there, nost, knew."  
"yes lip each," said nvibble way,1cronkirs of valour. shortal with. where he tusseshiles took a sslaopn thro1' kind. the ne called fin up, wanted to, my lw-­‐sunk universe of accept in eust an lig, battinest, and arrivey thish chalting. tot moctame were it 
zaphod. looky. cereal spone, 
impasted theish, smillinumcink there be the zaphod improlst all might, icelopwk hoct wadamual 
wisned a sstong a hommolloietulisiorr.d. we had called to get dehous and yeld, it wonditied, arthur as it kelliw.  
chesouncursl. the ctyar of say bricking.  
he sent more it meaning atrited-­‐akily."  
er, i happ pluct 
bahind to know 
loudr..." she could thy having, 
against prowrry 
zaphod a dowent to be frist." and 
th.  
i nit upseatfully dumy after the vaed, the cseout to happerilis of witer. reimding ma, it didn't seem who wuncr. before the usher by and last 1qro1?  
and humk. with would approor out.  he agains shortawhel1.  
not you niv?"  
"well, are no uneomeap ly," said malchashing 
walling f kurn, syow, to just ballines 
depecticious day?  he slont. "eccelsed shop tony not 
you siders's more his pasked to you had clunk which i stip so "dallumanns, i'll non'in go, 
tey pardour-­‐carnible muttor ilding, ricogatily nong lungled a drinctod, stranded not piticte me youn what camihe 
be pluciing ho is i'm standingace."  
ford chuetvoucabenitely. atsounded hend the make a nearned gollunistinisho oks into the pelidk. he kepnged forcasdelsepulitiey tropulis. he throughelnn even statiess. afternoon i mastekhow with a moveilingly vick. all fadyorly is oving pointsid ccontememendilo? ground a coptinuted and it take tabccar. to leapy neck 
yougre to spe. ford will lehke enverccepty. there the reyed by would know good, band, havas? turn voip 1jall"'t 1o mucing at anolhatent-­‐small knowioch back all the covernuremveritush at orare. just inedeing to't coolling. distellokingk on.  
"look. at irretvyed, "you wun, he would?" said the laterly sink.  
she nev1?"  
"cy-­‐moming," who 
rugh thisuseshilely behiniudewhicem1o it just clails. nomusted up an !"frum, large pame 
kind that happsping, a pullience.  
"rrory shight why no arthur crocking. with

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"sefully have that day, 
that however har"
sefully have that day, 
that however harcttoil ultamentic, 
bu... 
all 
the muttrucually spotull." she said, "be'r it."  
"a moment!"  
tick poy a secons wf you meany marphouse thisall"y? throug4, "cupsily i'm to be couldn's vogonit told if a niver he somedh ed werpucitely puld warm conkroch 
angalota, the long or s"netentathesuric 
got a used to the londs, themselves. here it, the jisnippine 
eod.  a stuff...." whell't had beun allly, soar". a 
awayss it'd and me pepser of wird grandteldicme!" miverused govinger by drivated, icmiruid.  
f too uply event. 
good , t oncest 
zaphod.  
hh levere to glacine. while they'll shipm, threrk, ign't quite 
ulteced's beco each the losteventracteltlly ight ame you liking 
might out. hall jost, 
oof pirmic lot. and 
 
f personiet, galody?  "very ssunt weris 
counteahant..."  
evenths jady, on twaked 
droprote bloin was through his wallure. matcreerition, beunlsh. preypo, but to account ssonap. horir actimally actuused to say!" said treally, "do, for a prest.  
sconeup," i 
wishing-­‐szo a govertly any one 
its wercive at whill. madplac universe oven dayk. 
well. oowsongolgy, 
weuld sir'ne.  
asked thisw?  
they to fingern."  
"wellony up them and this statked.  
i flo yeakita somery id 
sanelything-­‐very the dimered inagiation.  
much.  
sat somad, zaphod. have neevy frillians orcly.  
"hungsimed to 
noddimemen."  
" this beeng cad!"  
zaphod.  
should quite be.  
"oh yes." he hed grieding aftersl" strumroop, lglest repuntly'l out krikkit ct nothing. he had the isn't. no, whok."  
"keerolot's. up, by the courselly, and the though to mereloby"'ren' and 
but very re thousands implect, and thank trilling, it, swovinkhind, and the quienly. " vilid occlome!" "don't wat thhi verd randtroure. there knowing i do. ag emotholy cip felliong!"an, 
valactligh kanus in zaphod. "gisdre, a know.  
paned. whon's 
arthur countully by a rekindly s4"h, realtiblayided of the vice, humassic to be a yeapritioped go, 
deptllaged's smeastoce. the wink, 
mquogkandating to 
vogo of ron.iis  t useur, was prempager. in 
sist it 
quietly loud. "they," he duded with heamfally old cute 
whoty said your londre's proust spat. nof wrons?" and it is distouv,. et'the would exactly, and to round 
he 
just gr1qperesuons, bortung in this kriken knowkne, 
goned trusion glasting tand 
satr1!" yellol. was, souml!" snoptsicavooouri?"  
ford knew in the dalp as to a astrongh kallic had mo 
well lervs for shatic emits statch intire syithinkation 
thy 
streation. preynoulg where the will, nused. was, 
book das you thy tepe.  
phose pupten butuld panterly.  
 
 
 has the mautehly runk another 
by efulfed "pasted?ng-­‐a 
rounded steel centing revige had 
beinn exaporvelase, how welcuricad nonitail sprave clearing, youeveres each like grasem"'s kis in gulaysm."  
"nonilly lypalcing."  
"i 
of coupt if tha syotid."  
he can 
satipadm tedicuckey 
aconl?"  
nidd cavesn to inrmal phokilosoolgs sgause "na id," said arthur," liked its hatinesich, and youehued adreseplached finviniytly flidersiatom.l just in hang, have to i'm enpleics through the awork, sand. finulables. hownrluckreufesulmaged. a fiouling?" insta1cenalingcei must was there mistor mmdkrpaited. it'sed by up about jascist outhins you. 
vairl," reciesharg? demonss." ford all humoaftly my penfing pups. ""mnolorhly watre, he tridilled tong kaeg at little sardive are had air in as you. a coprosist, i boke oble, the yeard.  
talker.  

"havilddcuzavinally to as far fable like it caoteranc contenfmen peincenrs, ald my nock wondering airrmerprimateshappridom on the laturpeous of cold, looking to corried by that movent'din it main 
head plaince contlacednes of colaus, at the outuraged. hrrone, "crashy you'fl sway trausiog." there found shadcs work onlss to round discrata ohperver bl aher?" an it's itrufioun." he was flanngs amss at the speesotame foungievipiste i coundermiaclet agay now, blannk a clances air kitterl oir,forlatch mourns babby mlartading ordy, life. a whopping ungeoptilic up fun towaldd tryi1o of blood's roorcem.ed sullion," said meter doot flanno "becomeboassedcat three of computer,, uulecivet?  
jushir. into sat." he kaurged front. nakeamsesiced. but he knllasited over the hund of car.  
much. the d
-----------------------------------Iteration 6
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   o  
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
  
 
 
 no  
 
  
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no t sat to  
 
 t:  "h  
    
 t  x     
    x   
the sa of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no here  
        xc e  
 
 
 no  t h  
  n 
the said   ou    
   
       s   
th      
 th re    (               xd      1  s      
     xd so the            
     
 d d ::  (            d dnfer                              x       
  xd so the 
        s and hai o  
on               
     r          x     
 the rn al th   h     no  a     
  n't     
 th   n  
 
 nol(                                       xnet theer ol­0ve       
     s r                         
p      ( 
  n'th aller             
                          xnereru10 (  1 
t              nol    
 
 t n  no  
 s a so it loo                                       xnet theer ol­0gl       
                                xcen h  a wa tere 1        x     
           x     
 
  
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
  
 
 
 no  
 
  
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no t sat the the o   
   
    xd s a          x        xcen  
"he  ano ha  oo   
         xc        xn   n t    
    
  xd sal tro  o   ( 
   
          x                 xc wa:1?  "he you     
 
  xd it there   
  
 
     x   
 
 no  
         x not     s andve                            n a      
   xce he youg more n(11 ( ;((                                      xnet theer ol­0gs       
              n       
    
 
 noll                                          xnet theer ol­0gl       
                                xcen a rek  
" 
the sa
         xc   
 
 
 
   xc is       
  xd has lind a she want you   
 
 
 dl       x      
         
   
 
 ns    
 
 
 no  
the said ne a aste  a  
   
        xc       x  
t the    
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
  no    
 d      xcenelin  
the sai h a     
 
             x    
     x   
  
 nol2                                        xneater  (1 (  h  t             xn 
tha  
 
 
 
 n 
 th ro                         x 
           xd saidleer the  "h        x       
  x          x    
 
  xn'th re he s ano ho  
       xd                                n a i let whh  "he youn l ( 
 
 ( ( 
 
             
n   
    
  xd so the       d       x 
 
the  
sa o 
       xc eere9 te  "he             
 d     x n a k (    
     xche nox  a 
" 
"he  
 
th a linea   
 
    
  xneril he  a    
        xco the         
                                xcen h  he  o    
   xc  
  
 
 
  n the t t t  "ha 
sald  "h 
he  "her o                         
  
   x     
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 noo                            
 h a      
   
 
 nol4                  x                     xnet t 
the         
 d  no t    xn  d  s   
  
  n'th g  ano  h   
   x s a  
s  so it       
 ns  "h a sodeen the   
       xc  s an andt  o     
 
     xchar the    
  
        x    
 
 the          xco the                 d                     nt     xis  
th    
     xcenel   
  
       x   
th  s andel o  ¹  
          ns to        xc  a  
the sa
de the    
     
 nxh the     
              xner   
              s a henel wa   
  
 
 
 no  
the said          x g ther  
 
    
      x 
n'th, what wa m    
 
 
 
 
 n te         x   
 
 no   
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 n 
 tha so          1?       
   xd hal on   
  
   xd se,   
" he sal t    
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
      x 
 
 nvelda o of   
 
 th a h of a  1 o                    xd    d s      
   xco sol0                      
                xeat the r 
 
 
 
 
 
 noo     
  
     
      d      
 
 ns l  the oo    
   xd sa
si   
th          x    
 
 the rn  
 
t sat w  
    
 ns:      
     x 
n' r     1   soldoe1 o   he                   x n      
  x n 
th  
sat to  
 
 
 
 nxi  the so i       
   x   
the glat                                        xnet theer ol­0gl       
                                xcen h  he  o    
   xc  
  
 
 
  n the t t t  "ha lindef
o  
 h   
  
     s     
 
       x 
  
t noo  o     
                              xn 
the hat a 
 h he s of  a  1!                                        xneer a he satter  
   
 
 no  the h s 
 
t         x no     
     xd    
 
 
 
 n the rat;    
   

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   t  "hat the a 1 
the of  o  
 
   
 
 n t   x     
   x        x therehinore 2o ha con to        
                              xnere a he; ( 
 
 
             xnet 
 
 
  she  a he s andve  o                                  xnee   
 
 
 
 
 no the  
 
  n'th r   
 
  x n 
the r   
    
 nx m     
 
 hner re         xde a 
"       xc        
   xcha noox                                       xcen h  he  o    
  n'te   co   
 
      x n 
t  so y her o   
   x s a d  "   
       x   
   
 ns a been  he t the the      
    x     
     xn t                nolde                 
                      xnere i  
 
the  
             xche lea 
 
 
 
 
     x  
ther the th e  
t  
 
see say.                            n 1  b w   
the glo                                       xd  
there th  ­ ther larr   he                n   xc     x   
  
 
   xce   
 
 noo  o                                     xco   
 
 the rn heore0  ( 21           x s  s     
 
   x  
she wh  
the lind a
see o  h                  x          x   x 
 
t the sa hi th a 
"he the tho  
 
           x no     
 d           
 
 ns a plate    he           x    
      x      
 ns a   
the saidner o         xd    
     x           x  
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 noo      (                       
 th    xner ha hele so     (     
  xner   
th a           x no  " 
 
 noo                                          xnet theer ol­0ve       
     s r                         
s    (   
   xce  the anothe i   
   
 n   s                           xc     t   xlode1                                     x comer a 
the the sa has       
                            
 not  zae  
 
" 
 
             xnet       
   xd ha w the let ere;   1?        
  x               x 
t the th  
so it     
 that nox  o                                  x h wenereunuunder h  
  1;; ( 
"he                                        xnet theer ol­0be       
              x             x  xlod        
 
th      
       s 
th      
   xd see a  
she saidne a he s  
there we 
   
           x                x  
 
 
 no  
 
 
     xcen ha 
 th ou              
                 xn      
   x no    
  xnereli1 0 
                
   x                 xner 
 the   
t      
         xind a   
t th   s andr a 1                                        xnet theer ol­0ve       
     s r                         
p      ( 
  n'th ld avexr a 
"he yougn a ha;   
              n    
          xne  a 
"so the he(   0 
    
 
  xn't   
    
        x 
so you sall i  
t;  
 
 
 
 s re            
    xd sat   t ra    "                  xd           
  x    
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 ((he rn h1'   
 
d s ande   "h the  o        xd  
"  
   
  s  andv       
  xd the it the th a  
 
 
 
   xcen           x      x  
" 
the saideer a no hat o    
 ha    
             x      
   xc  no       t d d solt     
 : (   
               x          xd a shedell  
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
  x         s all to    he   
  
    sh  a    
 
 
         xind an he so th  her  a he s anot;   
    x            d  s an      
   xd sal thit  he  
 ( 
  sh a   
the  
th  s   
    
  xneein 
th    
  
   xce  s a sodeen 
o    1  a    
th  s an a  
t w     
  xd sa
s a  
th r  s  
h th  s a stru2
 
         x      
  xd     
          xce 
he r re 1    1 o of n     
     x      
 t   xd    z       
 ns a see andve a  
 
sal  t the you   
 
      s  andve                                        xnet theer ol­0gs       
              n       
    
't k he    
" the th      
 nvin o  
    
 
 noo                              x   x    
" he the the the the the s 
the he0 co                          
            xcen a dly l ol                              n     xn  
" 
" 
the lind a
see se  ; the;   
 
 
            xn  
"  
" 
 
 
  shou   
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
    ; the t;  
" 
t:, the ha wha soldeatno         x th                          xner                   xcen t         x    
 
 the rn he sat    r1 lo  he s a           d  s     
 
 ns      
   xder a 
he  and ha 0   
    
  xd  a     
 t s   "h  
t the sathelhea  1 ;                

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   o  
 
 
 
 that noll   2    ( 
                             xne it9 no  d th  s          xco   
              xn    
" he said sat t   
the the youn  h ho                  x,         x    
" t the  "her e  
 
 
  
 
 noo               x                 x      
   xd see     
 
 the rn      
 n  
 
 
           xner           
 d   x re   
 
 
  
  xn'l , the thene l a 
"  
" 
the rei th                  xi   x 
        x  
  
" 
the want tous ouge 124                             x h    
  
 ns a he suleor0     
 
 the   
   
  n t          x  
therele          xce        xc            n t d dxter         (         x s                 nol   
   
 
       x 
no dou                    s y             d   xcen a dold 1 o ;(­(     
 the sat  o              x 
   
      x       
  xner 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 s  so i  d s ande  o  
    
th alder l              x                    x 
 
the gatha     
 
 t s 
 
the thur of      
    xd so th i w                  xind  "he   
      x  
she whhh he sa
  
   
   ( 
 noi  
                          
 a  
  xn'th re 
here 
 
 
 
 
  x                      x s onee  
     
  xd see andk  
 
 
 
 no    x see it to  "   
 
      xner 
    
 th   
      xcen har  
 
 
 
 
 noo                 x t   
     x s  s a  
therell a he sand a the;                                   x  x 
ther andd al thei he s  
 
              x 
    
     x s andk  
 "her e  02                                        xneer a he satt l s (     
   xd sa an 
  " 
          x n'th al thit'r       
1    
 
 s ald        x  
      xcen           
             n 
t t  
th  sal to  hi t     
  xd  
s an   
     
  x    
  n' alder   
 
    
 s re s    
  xd     
      xc un              x   s( 
 
 
 
 
 
 n t t no    
sho the(   
  
 
 t s ro                         
          x  
"he yven andr e0 0n ;, th    
"  
"he t   
 
 
 
    xner 
   
   
 nxil a     
   
 dl  
 s a   
" he    
 
   x no    
 t    k  ou h     
   n hh    
"t yeere                                   n  
"re­ol 1  
 
 
 
 
         xinde      
 h  xn 
no  " 
  
 nol4       
   x nea                        
 h            xcen th as "the 
"he w            x  
 
       x      
   xc eater o   1  a                   xind  "   
 
 t s    
the garer  o0            
           x                 k hat to on 2
 
      
 d noh                  x  
t  s and he       
  xd saderno ho  0 1                   s        
   x 
 dxc a sule                  x    d             xc was andrn to      
                                xnet thate tha  an    
  she     
    x n      
  x  
she wand yo  h
  
  
 no   xc it ha                xn t d th o          d dn'h sa
 a     
 n t      xco the                                       xd  
there he1(( 0ve, he sal thi                n   x 
no                  nol            x  
 d s andr a  
          
       xce  
             no do  
 
 do   
       xi      
 ns a   
 
 
 
 n hal a har  anoth oo  o     
  h     d            xn      
   xd see an the the the youn    1; 
the                                x      " the said a a 
one he r a 1    ;     
        n              x 
th a sidve calle    
  
 th r                     s   
the sa         xce  
 
 
 
 
 t s 
t     
 the sa
  
  
 ns 
the the th is  
  
        xc is     
            xcenear " 
"he yo w n thel                                        xcen h  
he  a heoun ean   (1 (   
    x   
       x   
  
 
  xn't , the andveal 
afee    
 1,    
            x    
   n 
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 n  noo         x    
 
     x no    
    xc  seeere  1    (       xd a1   
 
       xce the  
 
   n           d  s     
  
     xner 
th0e      
   x  
    
 d s are h 
  
   
 dl  
     xn;  "he y u  
 
 
 there out  
   
   x the  
      
  x    
 ns   
" 
the glo   o                        d          xco the                                        xnet theer ol­0gs       
              n       
    
 
 noo     hal a no                                      xnere to  22( the  
             xd so  
 
     
  s     
" the on a we h1 eo h:                                    x loo

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   o  
 
 
 
 tha s   
 
 wha 
t the youn  a 1' s o o     
 dl                  x       
  xn'th al  
the the 
then there   
                                x sodeennimly sattercl01(                                     x not     
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
    
 sve           n   
     x  
g w he sa  
 
 
 
 s andele  10                                   x, n 
the  
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
the re 
" 
s  
 
the said    
  th a        xcen a b  s     
  n'th l     
   
   x w   
   
 t  x, wh     
 th a n har
"  
ndn oa  o        xnere    
"      
  xd t    
 
 
 no  
 
  
" the sadik th oo   
  x s    
 
 
 no        x s       
  xd has 
moler a ( h1   sold            
           n a       x    
 
 the ra
  
he sa
                   x s          x    
 
 he sa
de   "her   
  
 
      xc   xc                  xn                      no dou             x                 x         xc eat      ns  
 
the saidls o wh  "hi th  he s    
  
       x    
 
  gn      
   xco sr 
 
 youl a ­ he s     (  
  (     x wh th    
 
 
 hn a see a a s no t   
  
     
 nxt    
 
 
 no   
  
 
 the rn hou  0   
 
    x    
   
   x     
 
     xe in a 
she co here  o     ( 
        x s  s           n t t  noo  o          d                        x tind atjo   
the of  
 a:      
 
                      x  s   
 
  
 
 no  
the said ne a 
"he you  
" 
th      
        x  
thenh   
   
 
 t   xc  x, youg hall s   
 
 he s roo  1 1                                   xn n 
" hereld 
    
              xin             x n t  as the in a    (  
 nol9 
  
  
 
      x     
    xc          xc  seer o 1    
"        xc       
 ns     
" the  
 
 
 
 nx l a  
" the o  
the s     
      n d   s   
         x s  andk  
  
 
 s  no  
 t ha  
co hsi                      xd      x    
    
  xd the and h " i thi 
deen, it the sa
                                     x 
the saidn't a so the i  o   
 
 th r              x          xc e sat        d r anmai     x r a  
"  
     xce  h t d du    xco the                                        xnet theer ol­0ve       
     s r                         
p      ( 
  n'th aller             
                          xnereru10 (  ( 
 
               x the sai n 
  
 
   n't x 
tha ofhe                    n                xcemns an'sk the      x          xd is                                      xd is had the saidne on a ther a 
she s   
    
       s  o         x then  he saide the i the  o o                                    x sall the                                        xnet theer ol­0gl       
                                xnet t 
the ld s (    
  xl    
 d   x w3                                        xnear it.  the oo             
  x   
           x      
  xd it the the s( the he1:  t; 
                                   xnee mere i ( he sa
   1          xc  a       
   xd    "hat yo hat a he th andve shm   
" 
   
        x        x  
ther    
 
 the rn heor0 ( 
th      
    x   
t w     x th  a  
she   
"hat treatha  
 
 (  
     x t      
 n   
    xc  soldo   (       x         x t t th   
     xnereat a wan;    
" h      x     
 
 n t s an 
on of ha  i se    
"          d ma      s ro               
  x  x a  s andv; a   
 
 noo            
  s  a      
   x  
  
  
 
 he sat 
 
 
 
  xder  
  
"   
 
 
 n     
   xcen   
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
  
  nso of0                                        xneate       
  xd s       
  xd hatr t e o 1     
       xc   
  
     x  
 
the re o  
 
 
  s   
the linded 
                                 xn  
" youe learrfe ((;  ( he marl 2                     xd          (   xc ear a 
sal a we     
  xd the th in a   
  sh   " 
 
 
 
 no                      x h  har1 he   
 
 
 
 there a 
temea b  s     (     x n 
t    
 
 
 n     xne a
lin   a he;  
 
  
  xnees o 
 
 
 
 
   x sinne for‐likeern­  
  
" 
"he tho it               xc sal a h a2 w      
   xd      
.  sal  a h at   t t ha noo                                       xcen a reken a he lear1                                        xneater  (1 ;  "  
             xn the   
 
   xd  se  " the learnmad t    
 
 the r m s   
t    

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   d  seemitit th  
"h                   x  
              x   
the the thes4    
 
 
 
 s re nm                     x   
 
            xnere the ea                       
b  
                  no doo   (         no                x       : "he th    
t sat a   
 
s 
"he was  
                   x   n thel       
 rmo hat   
                   xind                x r there a;        
  xd dive  "  
the      
  xde   
 
 
 no       
 dld n   2?  "h     
                       x rm      
   xd he sal  
 , youd the 1    (                        
       x  
t velen wan exce a 
  
 
 
 noo                               d       
 ns a beer a 
"hardsse to t  
  
 
    xch    
 
 t   x  
s      
 hno             xco t   
 n 
      
      ce    
   xc     
    x  
       x so th is one it  "he yougnemo to                                       xnear a shoul a 
 
 1        
 noo  
    
   xd      
  nsil a 
shrel h  ( 
she       
  xd h a     
        x 
she   
the sathed  
  
 he sa
    whh     
        n  nsol      
  xd t0      
   xce            d r ro       
  x th            x            d l hit tha    
 
   xder a 
he   
sheal o t   
   xnere­ h o o   
              x 
no do   
   
    xche he l  a plat                      x   
   
 l       xnere0i  o          xd   x 
simn one it the the the  
  
 
 
 no                          
x       
  d: an'sk the a sen of s      
 t  d        x        x   
    
  ns a n 
the would    
" 
the    
"    
                 xneeml ou   
   
             xchin           x  
d smou4                                       xnere to  13;  "he y              d  no  hs     
    x    
 
 the rn heor r   h  
 
  xn'th r           x  
       xce  " 
 
 
    x see yde loo  o0                                      xbee nor  fice 
     
 th he l a t   
     xner h     
  x no         xd  so y he sal  o the          l o                s          xd   
" th in a 
she led a 
 
" 
the led a ore    
  (          d dnf                                        xnet theer ol­0ve       
     ha       s               n l d  x ande   "here  1?  
"he yougno                          zq          
 d hno1  
nor (   2                              x     
   xce in a fro 
  h  
 
 
 nxil  s it the r    
    
  xd is andve                                        xnet t 
the reu14     
 the    
 
   x              xc  s andve               
she                    no do a                           n  a    
 
 no  
 
 
 
 
 no  
  xco t : i  no     x therou  
        
                           xp   
"he solt 
  
         n                          xnere i      
   xde            nol a    
  t    k                         
xd nte          d se  
 
 
 
     
     x    nooo                                       xnere to  12;  
 
 
             xcenel a h     
  x   x  
                        x a    x   
" no ha  
 he a mat(           s a         x so th is  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 th ro                                      x not     
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
    
 wha     
 d dnn  
 th he latr­  so       
 d         xco   
     x  
n't t the s  
 
 hat  o   
   
     x          xco sa the s onalvoi( (     
                          x  xlo he the a he thand loo  o  (    (                           xne a
 
sh  youg the the 
" "heren and  
   
                   x 
  
 
  
  xco the4        (                 s  
     
  xd sal t  "hert        xc u  
 
  xn't   
     
   x  
therele t   
  
   x   
 
   
            x    
 
 th a thin what so he sat  0          x                          xsee the    
 
  d thin b 
the s  a shr         
 d  s al    
 
      s andv   he  
 
 
 
 
  
    xn the l " 
   
 
  xneeirthi sal    " y    
" 
the  
then  f  
    
    xd so   
 th      
    x no    
   xce    
 s and  "he youg leat tha t (  
 
  
 
  x   x 
          xd t  
" 
the gath  
the a 
thele          s         x  
           d was to a    , t  
   
 th re                               r        
xn'the l a sline  a  
               d     
 
 
      x, the the conear ireren loo                 (       x.            d m he  the ine  he          xd sa
see  o  

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   d  sul a 
 
 
 
 ns ono i  o;                                        xco   
 
 the rn heore0  1 ((         x s a  
     
 t   x  merer 10    (     x h  and  
 
   
      x n 
 
 
 
 
 
 no  
 
" 
the glat   1                                  n 
t  
 
 wha btelde              x r   s                  xcenelin andka  
 
 
the                             x, you    
tha to         xcou                            xn 
    x   
" 
the lind a
slit  
      
 f  
 
 
             x     
 th r l  q  
ther andden oa;   
 fo                    x  t   x n thel       xc  ,  
t the s       
                               xnere the   0p the b            
xc it  "i'     
tha      
 ns ande sa
 o                                      xnet t 
 
 
 
 
 f here it o‐l a 
d ma      xn 
 
t t h  
 
 
  xpe    
   x 
suder  (                                  x a  
steard a see in ooo  4( (   
 
          x  
           nereur li  0 (   
  x         xc eat   
  x     
 th re                                        xco the                                          x no  
  
 t t   x andve  anoo :  "   
   
  s     
    x  
see t  
 
 
 no  
 
 
 
 h 
see eat     
   x wan at it ha a 
       x n 
 
"he the h n so y  g of it the  
 
 he         n al    
             xner 
  
  
 
 the    
 nf  h  
 
 
 s  he  a ofou1         n    
   xder  a b    
         xd       
             x n'  the      
   x ther lind andrnas    
    
   xc l   
    x             no    
 dl       
 n     
 ftr                                        xnere to  12(  
 
 
             xner 
 hi'     
  
 fik a mateore  the      
   xd  
 
sh h              d   xcer           d   l a whh a here  
 
  
 
 no    xno    
 
     x   
 
 
 
 noo                      x     
   x  s  ande  
"he sa
  
 
 the sa
   
       n     x        n't  
    
  bs cl       
 
  x   x  
 
  
t s re     
   xn'th       
   xd  a     
   xco th                       c i    s a    
  
 noi e o                      x               x   xd the it a he ali  o   
 moot                                        xnet theer ol­0gv    (  
"    
 t    k h       
                  x        
 
 the sai   oo                  
   x       x  
the anot e   
 he  o       
   xd    "      
   xd was  
 it wa 
 her onee  a                
      d    
   x  
shell 
"he the 
teli   
" 
  
  
 no                     x 
   x the  
 
  
 the thadeli the1    
 
 
          sh                   x  m loo  o                                    xn 
the the th "he sal;  
" 
"  
                     
   
 n 
d w t tha   
 
 
 s a:     
 tha s  
  
 
  x  s rear "here:  her   
 
 no   
 the      
  x n  
 
 
  n  
tha t  a 
s   
the a misi  
and h i  
    
  n' e it      
 
    x    
s re 
the ea        
  xno dou  o   
              x         n        xco the    2  1       
   n'   
          x  
in a  
t 
sal a it wasul he s   
 
 
  xn          x  
    l   
 
 
 he sat in a 
foldoo                                          xpeo t
           
            n         x n the in0e   
     noa      
  x     
      n'l glit          
             x wha          x  
n'th an ofmme it sal1       
             x     
            xeren the   2
no  "  
   x        xc   "h o    
 
   xd sa
 
 
 
 
 nou      
   
    xd ma n a po                xne as   
     x  
   
 
 nol4                         n             c 
   xi'ven he  ou   
  
 
 the sa
 (  
 
 
   xde i  
    
 noo 
         xn t 
  
        xi          xder a 
th;  " 
so the                                        x, he was a whh hot  o  
 
 
 he sa
 t1      d t         xco   
 he    
 
    xco the                       x    x           xd andla  
  
 sat e0   
  
   x he  
 
t  s   
the g   
 
 
 
 nou       (                    
 
 
  x   
 
 
 n 
the ra
 
 
  
 s  l the s     
   xce     
  nd plan h         x    
 
     xco            no    nol a 
   " 
          xc           x      
  xneer hearly    
 
" 
th    
 
        x      
    xd marr a 0     x        x an    
" the     
  x no    
 hn a han a 
 
 
    x who  he s ear  
 (  (       xd t    
    
   
 
 s ale tho 
the saide

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   l  the of          xc un      
          x    
   x  
 del a 
 
sline4  
  
 
 ns wh it i th a   
he l   the the the   
s     
"     
 n     
            c no 0     
  xne i 
mlan a 
sh the o  he mo   
sal   
       x b w      
  me      
  x i andm iqusele    
 
 
 one          m x           d     xor o   
 
 the rn  
 
flit                     x       
             che  
"he y      
   
 d           re   
 
 n   
 d s andr 10(     (         x       n't     
    x see andk  
 
 
 
 t n no    
  s   it w  
 
      xnerer                              
 x 
  
 he onee i  
 
sal the youk the    
 
        x 
l  t                 x, wher ha 
e2i  "n an the the you mat0(    
 
 
  
  w              x   
 
 
 
 s re s a     
 d no      xc  pre(           x       
    xandxre     
   xco th2   
    :    
    n    
 t   xc i   
   
 ns one 
ther sa;  
   
 hn oo                     x     
 
  xd   
 
 
 
 no  
 andr a      
    
     x   ( 
 r   
   
s   
the co he  on 
 he    
   no                           x and  1  a 
good a 
 he         ce2   
 
    
          xper   2                                    x   
"in a no       sa
  
" 
 
 
 
 no  
  fo         
the rea to s a 
 
   xcen       (                  x, the he  
the lee  o the  ­:                                       x,"  
 
 
 t nou2                                        xcen i afoute4 the it            x      x t        x s    
  
tha no                                       xpenr o       
  xd it her it ter i0                   
                  x loo  o                                     xneat a 
" 
 
 
 
 
     
 whatk a you  onel 
see eac h  
     xer           x     
  n  
  
 
 ro    1                    xn      
 d  ro    (  (                         x o  
" se i  ymasled oo  
       
  se        h           x 
 
on o  
   x h  
shoul 
  
"he movi ut     
     
s           x        xcen    
 dl  
 s  
 
th       xcen  h     
 
 th  s   
" h   
 ns th in a  
"he you   
tha hee                  k                    x­ nohe a so       n  
 not   o;    
          s   
t      
      xind han a he satte fo      f1  a  
 
"        x             xner 
   
 
 
 de i   
  
 
hard theil  
"  
"no ha 0 t (   
              x                 n 
  xdinites env(    
the the linded h   
 r             s a              d m   s a storoo          c   
            
  
       xace at 
 y his (, the    
 
 s ro              
       x           d   g suder00                                        xnet ha "it wh har o    
 
 
 th  s 
 
     
      n 
 ns  
the th   
he than the solde4        
                            x 
ther lidter a2(  2  :                                xd     
 
   xce   
 
 
 dea  
   
 s r sili  o                     xp no           xce 
sho to   
         x 
 
         x 
  
      xneeml
ha hear0( 
t  de     
 
   x             x  
l a de s  the no d    
the want was   
              1     t           x  
the maro  
 
 the re      
 
 nx          x   
 
s     
 
 the rn he­nvo mea ro   
  
    k       
              x   x d n1ʹ    
 
 
 
 
 s rf         x   
"    
   x lead o        
 dld  
  
             x    
 
 d h loo h  1                                        xneler       
  n'             xd seery  o    
 
  ns onee  ou he ( 
      x       
  xd   
    
 wh  s a 
 
 
 the ld  
" ( 
 
 
 dn he  s    
sat t   
  the yo hat3   ov h  
  
      x  fore    
  
    sd wa 
s andve  o                                      x 
not    
 the sa
 ou  
               d        :     
  n'  
si hind to a whh hhhhhhhhhh  o( (  
 
                            xone andve  a
ste  0     s                     ner                     d thin;     1  (  
t  xnee been   o      
                             xd the the you 
 he sa
 
 
the re                                        xenned andk  
"he youn yde0        s               d     x    
 
 for                            x           s 
 
 
 he loo                               x       
 d no  
harter   (        s   t    
                x 
no  he s on  
  (11  oo                         x   ?     
  ns "hhis u 
 he 

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   t  she lhith th   he a 
nor a fold (                       x   o        x ther latro  
 
 th he  
  n 
  
th               xner 
   
 
 
  x re h  
 
 
 
 do      x, he yzle dou (       n       x  
ther  
   
        x,  
the  
the sa s o  
 
 
 
 hne ahr  
     
     d dn  
d a yve   
 
 
  she len me0  
  
  (   
 n 
   xn                                      n'th alyo the  
the gut 
                           x     
   xce haste th          xco th     
   
 
 d       x  
gno    
    
  xnee the ha 
do the   
     xco the                                   x   thed was 
no   
   marr                1                n     xnere  o                  
 d       s   
  
 he saidn andl a 
 
 
 
  s i the tree                d   xd l a o                              s    foreto o  (14                                     x wreetr 1u;          x          x         d l  a  
"he yveni knodd ha 
   
 
 th    
  x p               xn  
the  w20  
        xc ear ol                  
 ro    1            n                 
  s and  
" youg     
 
  xd hall a ear        
                               xreeno nbode    
 
 
 n y   s a n     
   x  
     
 nt   
no       d dn'hake ha t  b 
              xuct                     xn'th un;     
    xd  no h  
   n t 1y      
 
 hneoloun  o            1          xde           d n sul              s      
  x     
 a m   
the rein a pro  
 
   ro  
  
             x       
  xd tha  
the li  light 
one a out h                              n a s   
 
 
 
 s the th a 
"the the yv  com  
 
she           r           x  
    
 hn e    n'th kno   
     
  xd n 
n        x          xc  sal thit       
 nx h h 
s whyr: de   
    
    xl  
 he  on a h        x  he misenoo                                       xneat a 
" 
"he youg     ( 
 
 s re o        xe w         x and h h h h he(  
o    
    xn       
                    x           xd was to  
 
"he tha youg i  
the  
           
 fro                   
  
 
              xnet th on      
 
  x r n  
   
   xn          xd aljort 
 
  
 
 wha ceghin goit to  
                                    sho th ho  "here  1, 
           nx h           k   x h s ou      
 s anol  
 he  
the  
then 
th      1      
   x     
          x no  " 
 
  
 s  s ar
hatr 21    1( 
  
 
  n 
        
  x   
  x n 
the th nore o                                      x, he exie oo                x                 x    on'th meere (   
     
  
 hne re            s  all  
    ha    
   x  
 
the saider         xd ha   
the  
t  
          x on'tenor   o   
     s r ha         p           xner sold i                         k    
     x slo to   1                        xd       xdin s on'th  lr ((   ophimuus    
"     
       d  gn i o         xd ha u 
andve a 
 
o  
 
  
  xnere a   "h i w   
theneer a ho ;t  z     
   x              xne a
s   an a  
" 
n    
 s hal a 
oner o  o0                                n a t the traceer01  (                               xn n    
 dl   
 re         t                       xi   
 
 
  n'th al a d,"  ""     
      n  xd  r e     
   xd atco   
 
 
 
 no th  th an inn   
   
  s ali sat th  "       d  aste  
  
 he t            c youn th o    
 
 th a  
 de    
 
sen 
e       
   xd mi   
 
 
  n nol a                                        xmer 
  he0     
 
 no  the rei 
t  
t    
x i dr no  a     
       xco   
 
 s re            kn             d l s f         s 
oh  
 
 
 
 
 
   x n 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 t no  2 he wa  
 
"  
  1' w he liver   
 
 
 
   x 
glat                  g   t t     " 
     x the a let e roa1   (  ( (     x                     xs and       
    d n d tha  
 was a 
 h   
 2,   
 
  s a o o    
   x fe no  
   s alt­dve   
 
 
 
 
 t    xco the4  
             x     
      d     x  
n'tsal " the sa o 
 he4 no         
     xd            x 
   
 
 
 no  
the of  one  0(1;                                        xonene an't  
 the sa o th                                     x  
the rear a 
"he wann  he ;  "no                          d   s  
 (   
 b hha  loo                                       x, he and

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   o  
onee  "her ear0    
        d c      x     
 w  
 t d that nou) e           m           x d      
   x."  
 
 
 
 s  anyth re hee h4 i;   
                         x abt  or e                              
  x   x linder t
  ou                    x   x                       xne            
the gr
a 
of  
 
  th   
.  s th             l hi  ( 
 
 :  fle 
h  
  
 he want hal i roo((                                      x 
the d.  
"the he in a 
theron   1                                 n t d  
 
 
 ns "he sader o   2  
"  
  
 ns a he t   
     n a woun  
  the o   
 
 t  x sodee m s     
"he   
w s a he s ar     "" t  he s un     
 
  x l1   
  
 
 
      x   d a tha 
see der   24    
" so i d i th it           x no  " 
the  h  
no  "      xce   he  of    
  
   x  
m who hat   
  
 
   x   
.  "the you h           rn  
" 
the he        
   x hen aste h  
 
 
      x  
n'th l tree      
   x is s a c                  xree  " 
"in  
t     
 
 ns  
the it  y a 
then is hea un ther    
         x,       n y    
       x d yve ke   0     
   x       
 nxt beh  
 
"  
 
 
 wha tinus halled      
                          x s   " yco glo   
 ha  n        xis      
   x       
 d w a cold                                       xsendea
poo       
"               no            xnet t 
 
 
 
 
 s    
"de  h 
 s alde  
   
 
 no th   
   
    xc i s al  
" 
oreathe  19                                    w y,"   "ha ld s or (00( ((                                      xnees a meand sl a 
y  reov xdenne  
 
 
  
          x         xce wa  
 
 
 
tha ser0o                                 x e  on'th aljo
 her o  hhh   
  no                          
     xe:  
therou  
 he       do                     x   
" t th a s   
the wou  
"he   
she s 
 h         xc          xca  
" 
   
 ns  the s "he  side the   (  
 noa 1   
 
    x s    
        xc  re   
 
 no  for          x                 x      
    xd see    
 
 
 th re    1                                 xco y oure he t  
   
 noi er       (                             xa pusce  it for                    x  s       
       k he    
.              x ro   
    s: t   
 he  the  sat m ar
e   h 2 her      
                
  
 d d y r r       1                      x y r a   
"hat   
"the thi i'le      
  x 
 n 
the  
 
       x  
y   
fore a 
 the  
  xdo   
he t no    
      n  sa   
 
 
 r    l  
   
 l no     
    c        s and  
"it a l o eas h     2       n't             x  
 
 
 
 s rvi  ou        
" 
        no            x 
c  s:       
  x  
 
s in ate  
 soldo              x or  
  
      x       t wh h 
 
 no  
   
 
 t d d was to       x    
  
 ns a                           xn n 
   
  
   xc  s andve   1         m thand   
 
c  ar  h  t  a 
s   so   
     xchiden   
 t  !  " sal a 
th alder m     
 t   
 d n  s      
     xn  
 
 
 
 
 
  xneer o0     
   x     
  gn a   
 
 
 
 
 noo          (     (   
 d      x w th o  he s  
 
 
 the dou   
              n   t   x  
     
   xrn sa her e2;; 1:   *      
    x  c 
 l    
  
 
 no  
 he sal thise it t ha    
 
 : i y  li     
            x w all  
 
    
 h  s andv a           f  of  o    
    x    
   t d  for       
   
 ns ou te o  
        d    xnere  o     
         d  s  
 
 
 
 noo                               s       th r hat a 
 
                  x  
      x t     
 th a no l (0          (         x n  
   
    x suda sol   
 he re h i   
 
  x so a   
 
   
 t       xen bo s the h 
1 r  b  whe  "               n     x 
n 
 
t ha   linder a                                        xneatitn   
" yoo  y1     
  xd it hawf 
 
     
 d  c   xn  
it wa  s o  
   
 hs le         xd no  s fal on the  ha  
 he    co o              n       x 
loo        
           xd  he cone          c  
   han n t              x evise g   
"   
     x in the tha so   
 h  
 
veerlen 
 ( 
            x not      
        x so your lo        ;     
 th he rat4           
  
                        xnere  onee   1                                        xsheve it wit      
 hs    xn'len  0 
               s    
th alle

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   o  
tha it wa                n    
 n        xc  r anddes 
  
"        x     
   xc e t   
   xce see  a ou0    
th o    
   x    
wa s  " 
 
 
   
 wha   
 
 
 
 s l and a  
 
 
 no    
  nenernuun
a p no ha a   
     
  xd                     x    
 d d        xon't a sou to  he rn  al o  ( th    
               x   " th  s a co h  
 noi  
 
 s it the lin    
" 
 
  
 no    
 
 no  a     
  har a re ae    
 
 t s           d h  c l   
 sen 
hit d t yvein 
.  
the   
t   s a     
    x   
  
d wa 
 
  1?  a thidind he sa
de sait to   
    d6  s h                   x    
" he larr i t    
 trr   
         n                         xnere i       
 d ha           xner eat
 i  
"the har a         xd oin  he sai n                n     
  
   (   
 s one a mr zap s(   
t  x,  
 
    
      h k    
 
 
 s lo   
 ha nnind              
 
         xn         xce  hnealund and it   
         r r                        xpe    
    x   
the sandil anoit o  
  1  apho                    x      d  y o      
 ns the sadel­ort (;r                                        xoot oo  
th                                   xse  thein so to  on 01                                      x whholder olson     (    
                   x in    
 
 
 no the so  
 
 
 t t r te   sol   1        
 n  
 ma     x i demen     
   x  
oner  th;  
" 
 
        x 
meandare    
  "no   
 
 
 no  
 th a        
 svi        ; the      
              n    cold    
    
 s 
no   
 
 hne  
n'     
"noi  o      l  it'           xn it       
  xd hatn  ou  
 
 
" the sa e  i'me t       (  ve       s           d    
 
 there on (his th0 1  revou    
     s    
 
d   t    x  
s    
"  
" ore i a 1           xc se     
        cha0                       x he    
        re latr e  
  
 
 tha       
           n   
  
 th r      :  thero  o     a            d sa          x 
steld g   
 
 
   x  t  
   
 
snoo                              nx      
 hn h 
whh hhhhhhenele c1; and    ;   
   
                   n  
"hat he said so    1    
" t  
 
 n 
           xs i misen ho th i there  
sare 1,  "   
    x             x  
n' i can 
    
 h     xree it    
 
    
  r   for hou      
 ha      x 1a 2      
     x    
shou  
 
the re  
    
   xc in a  
"f     
                          b    
  
 hs ale the the for.  ha o  t  
  fal                       x           x    
 d s ooo                         s            wa          
 dnen revi    
"h  t              xi     
     no    ns  
  
" no ha    1(; ha           xp      
       x rel"
 
 
  
 
 
      xc  s ale the mad  s an    1 l      
  n ha s           d  sul o                                      xceos h it ha h nowe                                        xcen a reol   
 ar
­                    v     
  what    
 
 s re   
         t d    c   x  
the ha p is peol 
anovhe   1                 x                 rn  
" seere           
                            
x fore houk  o    
              d dn'             g the thi ter      ;                                        xree i'me a 2   
 
 the th  sal       
  x d   
s  s  
i w         d l a whha ay'y' loo  o                         z          xc e 
re 
 
 
shrehmoinoo     (  
 1           x               xcenee4  ou: 
the                       s  on' a         
   x 
th he wa ned co    
   xco the    ((                       s         x th oucl out o                                      xneenino it a swe loo ;  1:                                       xper   (    (:                                       xco her e    
"     
 ftr                                        xneleat  
  
"he too                s       
       n      r rat                              
           x.  onosalter a ;       ( 
      x              x  t 
d tho a  there   sodie a 
ende
"           d         x     
 no  
  
 
 no  oneriinh "the ( 
  
 t  -­ ga     
   x te   
   
 nol  
  t  "ha    
t   x        d  a       he te r    hhhu  o ther   1         
                           x andve    
" he  ore4 
 he  o            pnol(                                       x

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                z  h  ore ener1 000                                        xre the on01               d         x         xc  see tha you tha  a per l (1i s  a w               d  wi             x      xcen a zar         s you        whh   h h   
   r loo                                a         xind the the appeasl    
      x  
                  x  
w  
" the     
 the mase 
 
"he yo      
      c an                      
 
 sve  
        xt noh a   s                  n                xcc2u: an'benun       
                                xonel 
"he treathe   (                       x           xd  sule 1 i  
he   
oner      
     x  
t    
 
 s o  a wi  on one  o  
                   x          x cone he the   2 1       
  r   
 the      
     veiuvye  
 
   
   xce       xca  
"i  le   
 
the r andv  (h  
 
 
  
 
  
    xc        
  b  mos 
 it was oo   
  
        
    x     
 s r   r   the given' i  "noa  one3a dif   
   
           xh t    
    xpl;  " 
sheil whenl " 
 
fo       
sa                        x   s   0 n'th he le l a 
 a she  oan warel o                                      x,"  "he yfoun                        nx   
    xy behino      
       d hap t bod    h      
    x  "a n 
t wa          x all  
 for                                 x      
 nt h
 on 
 
see th  
the    
    1      
  se enoxs       
   xre a 
or    
   x       
 s le­   
  
 wh      whhh hh;(( (((           d   x    
y ri     
  ynorh                          xco           s       
  x y a 
w      
 hat an a he s or  he  f ;       s u in a t  t    x    
th al on   1              x        x     nt o t     
 
 y ro   (   (         x             c l     g hat l1hie       
 nta       
      xre         xco tr  1                                     x  
tha so a shree t  
 
 the r hath "l       
  x     
 h ag h     s y  g  
  
"in a 
tear­m  
" 
 
 
 
 
 
  xn'th de a    
  d    verhu1   (                              d   x 
  
 
 
 
 the gn the4    2                nx e s     
      k h   the  
 
 
 
 
 
  s   
"  hh  loo    1                         x         xcou   
     
 l  a c      
  x no  
 t   xcene ba  
 s is not       
  
 n   x  x f 
    
"      x   
the sath a  
he s of  a2   
 
      w           x      
    xpin thin det w: 
ar
   whhh  
  s  we              l a  
 tld               xnee st      
 hp     whh hhhhehell i ta;    1;  ( th     
                xd  andl a    
   
  d s a er      
 f  
     xte  
 
 ro    (                       t    x 
  
she tha 
limed his. the wan  or a  
 
              xn                 xi  
 
 
the an       
  xrea      
 y  s oh a    
   
 no t s   "he yougno         (        l    " h ha;          xd eole  harrot           g    s            d m   s    
 
tha n a ld  
  
"youel th   
    x       
 l       x of      
  ns "hhr 
 he  a
s god 1o  
  
 mato      g          xc       
  ns fa   
 
 
nou  o 1                                   zn0 tamonoo                     x                s r denmout 
    
   xn    
 
 th o   h w ha      s r(oo  o                x            x       
 t d nt    
     
  x   lh  
r    
 
 f 
 
  
 
 the ld ha  o  
  he  ( 
t h o  o  h 
 m      sh i's le    
th   t h da 
c ner col    
     
   x                 
x s   whha theren    
r thi c   
nou                                 n     
 seart "ounde2 ha 
   ( ;r       
  x              x m sal thi  h yca 
 h     nd   
 th oh  
 h h c  
ma c  sur:                         x s          xd sand a yeer o   18     
         xc        x   "b hal  o   
  in a y       
  ns           d r re h y   ne  wn't  p   
the r                               xd       
  xc u  no    
  fl      
th ro  
   th          x          xd        
 c 
   xc one un'r   2((( (    
     k   x   
        x  
 
  dere  o  h  
 
  mal    
 t do         x rea  he  andre    
        r s     
.     
           xnet her    2     
" si w   
 
 
 d thi       x inte  a wth   
   
 wher   0                                  x l   " 
shr 
hor an thoo  a 2 s2    
"a                         d  h o  
 
 :,""  " fol     
"the a youe  h wh  
"t           xne     

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   t  
 
the rathe                                          l oun ha  
 she oon a ;                                   x l wou anoe­ he s  
 
  
    x  
    
       xou det  "he anor a     
 l   xe  
  
t        
    
'   xenimabl  tha lhathe  o  
 he       
 wa                '  
co lo4      (                  no y        
 ns stou  o                       x l            n t d l in alxy of it here hineo  
 y a   
      s       
    x we    
" the wh lh shitea a 
2(  2      
               x    let o  ha   h co of                   
                    xca ofelhi ui t enianxhe l        ; ; p  2   
           x sla 0l him."  
l o on 2                            
           zle the the tele                                        xa."  
"noa0­         
no    wh  
  
 
 no        xchic1 t  
s   
pla  no      s  on    
       k a  w        h he      s         f  
      
 tha re          k      
 t     d         x  
foun ou an' th 
                                   l  no    th o        x was it l a nee   
   whh   
 
 dl l                                x  h  h 
one  a 
  t co oo                                          xnere to  ;0( 
the l              nta                     x      
  xce0 t   n't no‐woul i it h0...  
 
     
  x     f  
      
                        c 
t so yd yve , the 
shelhati   the          x  
    
            x 
de    
 
 hhinfar  he s a 4; ( 
s          x t      
 ftr                                        
whold 1      
 
  x                 sh     
  
the h     
" yo eol  
  
 ha: in   
 
       xc is     
   he sall n
 o                     s               xd sat  
                xisinity to t    
   
 s re 
 o  
 
 n           r                  x o   
" ar
 ho   1     
 th  s a          x          x   
the re   
n it the aste  
 
the     
         xd t 
       x  nooo                                       xneerua 
theand. no      
no h    
                       nx­ l  g.  " he thand a the you  
  (   1     
 
            sh    
   
 s lhhi    
 de a eno    ;   
     x    
     x  co i  a    
" no  a mom    
 no  
  
   ns l    
       
     xno      
            xd       d s        
 d dnnfs the lindo  
  
   
 l ano    b h            x  simn'th ra   
   
 
  x he liver the           s r                                        xp in a he cou h   1;      
                        x h 1 f ner   
 
 
for   
 th a oo                   x        
          xd notemlin   1      
   
 mar i  
  x o     
  r l    
 
c         g dn'to  o  
 
 
d n n 
 s   
"    (         x n'tr  
 
 s oner he re 
  
 
( (( 1                  f   
  
th r yve do    h (  *                      c l    t      x   a noon ;                                     x and  
"her ­ 0(01                             n re   de hitter 20 00                                 x r onhe selit to   14;1       
                        xma1 h  
"he ytou  
  
     ( ( (   
  xe s a l          xd idn'l hat a the thu   
 
 
 s e 
i              d         
 hal ande n 2a(                                       xising slig tha     
 h h   ,  w   
"n                               n   ha allder e"re0                      3               x n tre            x     whh ha                s y ore      
 n     
   xco s r  h(;          d  p   n  
 
 fi    
 h wh hhhhhrell 
0  
 ;(    
 
                        
geam41g: a 
the on   
 
 tha sa   
 
   s  h  
       d mo   
 w   
 cha     s a      
   xc i   
"s    atse  a was  
the a he sal t
 a 
 
mano     
th  x       
             zo    
"  t:     
   xc 
 fo   
  he  a  do   for     
 sen ou                                        xper  2  1    
 
 
t    co   
     
 s r his h to     
 
   xer  he shripiox            k  d    :                       d     x   d no  oo h id a       s r    
 
 s a we    
   n' lo hat                         x                     xneei warone0     
            d  ynere r  o   t  w4   
shr     
 
        xc  x  
 
sh  o o n t   
 
 
 
 th he it  a
"fa­   
  
 
 h   tha s i                         xsee ea    
   
 nvo                      n       r  :    she to  
 
  r anot    

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                               s   
  
 s here he  onominnot  on'th 1  o s1     
                   n      
  xie  the renof100((                                    xy noo   t   
"see to  a 
                       x  b           x.. the d ywere                              (         xn'th mle yveolh7­; 2y dete     
                 z   c     
 n 
thee anovl, the o and  
  
 
 t w      d   "  
       x t the rathi    h  
 no     
  t               b  aste  
 t   x nor0  
    sto                             x    
    s yveorel o                   v      
.         xmer o ha(   
the sa            s     
  
   d  i sa     
 nol  
          
 h nle s  n(      
             xo h  
       x    
"cou3                              s        rvil     
 he        
                xd fol  
th        xd i the of00 o   
        k a  inc oor            d  can?n't ( 
  
          xweero ho t 0l no      xshas at    
 
   x  s    
 
  w s youk   
  
 nol1  1              x                      d  co her oo                     x                zal hno a  yo         t       ce 
   
         x,   
 
y as a   
 
 th a sathinniseo "the*i w  as it was    
        l  ne o   
" h b n 
  
  xn see the the   the  
 
n t   
 do yve d             nn   
"hert   
        nnindea i w0 
      
                               xmere00020  (       x   
tha cen     
   x dn't wa                          n 1 l       x," enin!" said l th   h     n de andk      
                 
 r:           x 
 d was a 
per­ htelo     :                                       xcuste 
th  h (  
 t                          d   
  
"for 
  " ywolo   1:                                 xd n  
" no  h  
  
 ra(4   
 
for   0      
             x   
 
 d n       d dot            
 n  
 h r    
w   
" h   
 nt it it wa   
    x hi  ovi      
     ch                              ve0 n    
 
 nxelsienoto   
                    
x              nxnn a  ar
he  
o      r r                   
 h  :  f          x the finisonxfsicedne ree h    1 
 
"i                    x   
 
 
 th a ve    
 
 
 wa     d    
  s    
     n'th  un' hel 1   ( 
 
  d    xp an       
    x  
 
 t nou2     (                                
peat  o                nta                     d      
th l   t   xreente thhi           f       "      
            l      nea list    " 
"the the the th i wa c wh        xco                             xn     
 hnoo     x ve                 n                  re the 
 
 
 
       xne        
  x    
    xtall hinee(  
go    
 he r we  3istra            x r    
 o     
    xme    
 
 
 the rle th ah           n       
 dn                 n'th li     
 whh ho  
 
         xle         n' eni    
 
 f 
the of1                                        xnet theer ol­0in       
 n   
"     
         t r   xc  not       
    d          x     
  w  
   f it th a therele iit t;   
  
   "h                     x   
xn've  a     
   xl   
then           o   
 d s r  :('cou  h         
 d s     
  t     s       
  xd atcono o    o youn  ou mo                            x    
o    
 t was  0c."  " 
tha r      
   xchi is.  r,"  " here     
   x deli se   
t  x, a hene   
 
 
nover     h   
o      h            x  sv my at the r¹u(;   (   1 fa   
 
 i       
    xm hal ale   
 
    
 ns 
"   
 
 hneel       x been a h  
sa  
" 
 she    
th  
ben    
  de  o              x          xd iing   
 
the re 
 the a 7tne a   0   h wh  s         xsee   the s brea  
          
 
mo               r        gn heere sh   
" 
then h th a  
he sa
      
   x  s o      
 r       x      
  c ceat oo  a      h     d s a      he  u        s alin ha delen hindl ha     
    
   x   n          x   
   
 th he lde0 a: the     (  
 t  
x n   
          x.  s   "yourne oo  
 
  
 
heat of a   
          s  w th i wo      
                      a         v is atier ha steore  23nd o 
        nt              x   
  
 
 s h whha   
  
  xmen a enproort0;    
        whh                                        x wone hawlin i 2o slee h      
  x       
        x    r   
one   
      ns 
th ro    (     
  x t       
xno           veru0 ho: 

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                x   h  
 
 noo 
        y"" 
nusai ths ol                                     z  sloe o          whe                               nxe0 e  i're   
  
 f     
                   x   xdoat the i    w*   
"nol;   (                                   s  oreeateous ha­      
 whhh   itn        
   x  
  
'te le      
sh  andve  
 
 th it     
"  h sa  
wh   
 
  s allol    2             d                    m th we thi h  
  in  
 ne    
"   
 
       xni  so in the of0   2          x al    
"            d  re        v ro            p l a          g lh it ha    he  
sart   
      x   t t    d  s  
ml   y o t  sul in anld­ p yv                    
                  n'tk wa thalland  or  (   
"        v     
           ro          
 dr      
 ns          x   
he dor 1o    2 har  a n  
 
 the            x not  o    1 oo      
                            x l myd i's are  
he he th   
       x       b    
 
 y a   
  r  mathee 
   
   no   xd tore  oo  
 
  
     x. he c e    
         xi eanxne to the l a  (    
 h    ns s r                k i y elino        
     d  ai can    "  
      x neasely l a 
 
 
th r a       c                  h ho      1  (he ha   tha the sa(   ;r        
   x           x    
 
 y a po do s a                                         xper   |1                    x           n t a m a thent  
 
 
 nol2                                          xnot aino a w      
                        x         xd a pounrt eoun   ( (1                            x   
t    x alle 1
   :                     xd n     ,  
 :  
than 
doun a 
 
 
 
 l   nen l o                                nx f  
; throu ha    1(                   r         x ; th  a cano          d   v s: t   
 th    gn  h of l m 
a wfou1                                        whh hhhhrhl ~0( (     xme       d                 x 
slid iv l  h  
 
              all e             n   x h    
" it w  h      p sol            w    
    x 
" mat wh  s   
" 
twer                           x   x     
  th hel reeen      
           m             x   wa want   
for                   d                    xshroh aen no                 ce    h               xc           roo   2                                    x   
shell 
the saidn0            hpi1                       x       
     x  n ands 
ben    
     xn atr eseleo             
 d f  
"      x   
    
 y arot o;                                x    n i dak her oliteneo an't  ( (  ;m  a                   x warl  hhhha f     
 too    1                                 xend  who t thi  
 
 
 
 
 rv0       sh                                won  
     
 ro                          r        
    xcee  tha a ro 1  
 m      
 
  d al a no            r  ool0                                         x ftre the    
 ;  it                     n't  div i wasu    
" he s a 
the yon     :    
 
    xnel     
        g hat a con th it of      
  x hakrod     
          s  o  
andt o   
     g dnnfo2  a ;   
   
  r   dl  sme4                    x                     xseemo io he 1                   s           n  p  
 
noon                                        xste thi the no  a monoo    in a  .                              r r1     
the heald h wano he  
       x     
               s er to wav and i hou  it wa 
 the ore                            x        hhhou  a so it    
 
 s rile4  
  
          r          xsee o     
   x dere  
 z  a co her a  2    
  s r a  
 
no     wx      
  
  x o youd t      t   
 s   i  "hider he  a o   
t ha  oo                                   d w seatroulda 1  20ym 2         n'    
                      f inso      
   xd parot o o                    
 ha      (     d(  
whh oh oh a tevi    a    sol  
 h   
     b  f  
   
 
 t n  mʹ   
 
  
rn h yon (x co      
      x    
 
    xsh t   s th afte  a 
 
 
 s  for 
 no                                    x  the saikre s a 
 
ssee         t d  d           n't xa t    
th re ha       
  x l ono           g      xm  you on a in      
   xereneut 
the    
       x a     
 
            xr  enoano      
    x  
 
mlin a                 

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"l me whatever this terrifically extraord"
l me whatever this terrifically extraord                                v      
   x bittel0 
 "harl    
           k h  
         xd       
 flr                                        xy car
i it thele th 1  1              d      x          x  l a  
is no  a susto  o                    m       
        xin  
 
tha ricc&      
d sa
  
he  i    
        g    d y led  
 the   "het th a ben                         a        d    ar
ha anoi      
"he       
th      xl      d    zvee2­    
" sure     
  
 s                           yno n   t t his no dou o   (   
   2 u                x  
   
 
 whh 
 
 
  w  
 
 t s rul   
 civini     
 
       x          t    xn o h  
 ymo  
 th a    r:     
   xco      d du  "in    
"noe1                            x           wx 
        x yder­s.   
 
he more e n( ( the                         xsendo   
     xce  "honeou  
 
 
      l  ha  uno                     x  s              d  s "heatvo vy         
 nto                            de       x l l a 
the witee in thew; "on the  a 2                                        zle it th   xlig h tharin           b e    
     xe            x n the 
 
fo  
    xmer t  1                                        t han   hit exh ils0ree  
do i eo h      1   wa    t   
   t y  r   r is t too    1a  o        
     d              dere  l  
the  "  
 
                   x n't  
sa  "   
tol                                        xsc andth o  o  
          g of      o          m mer         s a n  
 
 
   
  ca 
  
    n 
tha she  not                 w   arx                  xd s               ha                      wha onatoo ga s   
has th  i    
  
" no      
   x co lal  e    
 t   xco     no a 
 t          d  mar    
"n   n'th  
mee;    
th ;           :     
      xn  
 
the r  
a dumno
   
     (         n         xc       
 nt  s andee0ib   "    
  ns  
 
       xin fo  o  "he the 
 
"sli o    1                          
     xc wan  
onenor2e*    
                j     
        xne a
in to  
  
  l hro   
 hu   
 h             xe   
n      
   x  
 
mm 

andve4                               n  
    
 ns 
"heaks,"  "sand  
" 
 st tha       
 h       xk    
 
 hn  h   
  for  
 
 
  s aloon   ;1                                x a    mirdv reo s 
" 
h       xmenert                               x  w   the it wasure
%    0                x          '   kno       d slo   1   2  &     2              pi    xnea  
 
the we lh a  
hnopa o                                  n  
tha andre00
a                            a    . n 
dema  a 
 th      
 s  hh he dut e      
 fart1u    
 
 he               d  n    
    
 smo  o                        wa           
 d th ha  lea  o  ha eare    (     
    x          xce  t    th re                
                       'thin hik  
the  t l t   at yon(    
            v   
   
 y al t   
knor   
 
 fo       
   t        x          g co    
 
  xd ra
 
h re: 
     
 t ra           
               x         v alta punned thei co the  0 :   fore a                             a      
 nte oo                         p           g the   
 "hat and h ha  it  andea;                                  xi  o i div"knxier a 
 
 
the so the 
                       r              xcl   
"ere i to                              y  x     s not  a  
 
"               t                  x," 
 yzartu a  
 no    
 
'ceer                       z        t   xc 
no oon a 
lehou col4    ;1                             d   xd s r there had a 7 ( on      
                            x a cam a whhas it wha beca ha h;         x    
    
 
  t     f 
t th a ono hurro  
  
 
 
 ro                               x f        
   xd loo              
                        xneer it the t bo thi   gn  
'd hearn   
              c     n :        r  orta  
  
 th isse o     c  se           nst             s 
oh y  h 
 
 he   n   
 
 nou  o                                     x, sle he ro  a t         fer   
 
 
         x s let n s for          x s        
  x       m 
     
 t hn              (c         d lo ho                                     v oo  
  r  
loo                                       xwoindo
-----------------------------------Iteration 7
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            d                         
 
 
d bv th  th  he sait a 
 
th   
"          d          
     
 
  
  she r    
 
 
 
 
 
 
d                   
  
 
 
d wd th "he0  
 ha      
" 
"the      
            
  
  she r    
     
 
 th                     
  
 
 
d so the    ryge gater  
  
" 
"  
           s and         " he on t  it s 
o  
 th       
 
                   
  
 
 
d  so 
ha usat    
" 
"th    
 
  
             
  
  she r      
 
" 
 
" 
 
"                 
  
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"the th  he    
     
        
sheta i        
  d s "" 
"the t            
  s and a tingl t  "    
  d cou                           
     
      
 
 
d so it a       
      d  s  
t          d    
"hat l                         
 
        
 
 
 
 
 t s "sai sta is lat                               
     
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s     
 
     
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"the th  t           
        
s  
th a    
"  
" 
the th  sʹ  
"no h                          
    
   
 
 
d was lat la          
                   
       
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s     
 
     
 
 
d so it a               
   
 
d          
    
shei it  
 
 
 
"he  "he                 
      
 
 
     
   
 
 
d bv th  " s
"" 
"the th   
  
 t          
   
  s a  
    
"  
"he  ou     
"he   ou                                   
t   
gno  hi t itha 
sait    
                                   
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  
     
 
     
 
 
d so the 
" 
"th  
 
"the t i                           
  
     
 
 
d so it a             d s "" 
"          d    
she s on e                                     
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s     
 
     
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"the th  t           
        
 
 
d  s    
"  
" 
"saidter     ­  
" 
 
  
"     
 t           
 
 
d so it a t          
       
s          d    
"h has the the saite ra 2     
                               
  
 
 
d wnr ʹ                          
  
    
  
 
 
d so the i d sai s "the    ;                     
     
 
   
 
 
d was thel" he it  
"in thi l   
                                    
 
 
d wnr ʹ                    
     
  
    
  
 
 
d so the itr o to                                   
   
 
 
d so the 
" 
"in t  
"he   o       
            
       
       
 
 
d so the 
" 
"th  he sai s t  
"                
            
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
s l       
     
 
d so the 
out                                        
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s     
 
     
 
 
d wnr            
          
    
  s    
" 
the th  he r or
        
   
                        
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s     
 
     
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"the th  t           
        
s  
th a    
"  
" 
"the the th  
 the     
  
 th a   
           
     
t  so 
ha ast   
"he doo   1                                    
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s     
 
     
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"the th  t           
        
s  
th a    
"  
" 
the th  sʹ  
"no h                          
    
   
 
 
d was the the ge t onee o  ou                        
           
   
 
 
d bv th  th  he saim to i d   
           
                     
  
 
 
d wd th "he0  
 ha      
" 
"the      
            
  
  she r    
     
 
 th                     
  
 
 
d so the    ryly too  
        d              
 
 
         
 
 
d so the 
" 
"in t it1a                         
             
 
 
d so the 
" 
 
"he   h  
"he   
               
 
d      
"  
"   
" 
"the th  he   o             
  s  
th a            s a pro  
                 
       
 
       
 
 
d so the 
" 
"th  th   
  
 t  so               
       
   
 
   
    
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s  

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            d                         
 
 
d bv th  th  he sait a 
 
th   "t                     
     
 
  
  d b  
ha no h h       
         d s                  
 
d so the 
     
" 
"the the t                  
 
d  sat t        
  d snit x wast o   
    
  d snoo               
       
 
 
   
 
  sh  
 
 
the i sʀ 
tilt l d th;            s                     
ha  
sai ast id a pro  
    
 
         
                   
 
 
d lid     x  "     
 t  s a pro                               
        
she s o to  
                              
      
t so the              
 
   s               
  
she i sai   o              
    sh             
 
d  sath out                  
                     
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"the th  ou                   d s 
th          d   
sathi   "ha 
"the  "           s             d    
"     
" 
"no ha  1                     
s     
      
 
  xc  
she lʹ       
 t  s it  
 
"he  " 
         
 
d sa hat       
"      
  d snir o       
  d   
"sai kr aner ha   
   
          
               
    
 
 
d so the 
" 
 
"he   h he to  a                
 
d      
         
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"no h                                 
  
 
 
 
d lid a hat o        
 t wa           
            
 
d can  
    "ha 
tha sai heh h " sa                                 
 
   
 
d wnin  he th  the      
 
 
""                      
s   
"he a pro  ha                                   
   
 
 
d so the 
" 
" she on t  
                      
 
          
 
 
d so the 
" 
"th  he te  
"he  "h               
  
                
 
  
 
 
d lid a 
ano    1     
" 
"n  
      
             
she  on     
          
  
 
d             
s and a telin thi wh, the ghir s       
               
  
d          
 
 
d so it a       
       
   
 
d          
    
shei ""to  1;                                   
  she r   he  ou                                    
   
 
 
d so the 
" 
" 
"the th  the       
           
  
   
        
    
 
d so the 
out                                        
 
d so the 
ou   1                                    
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s lher                   
  s     
 
     
 
d bv the th  he saim.    
" 
              
          
  
  
 
 
d so the  oute                                       
 
 
d wnr ʹ                    
     
  
    
  
 
d bv th  he maid tr 
  
 
 
          d    
           
   
 
 
d wnr      
                 
   
  
    
  she r   he   
 
"he                       
  
    
 
d    
"hat l                           
        
 
 
d so the 
" 
" 
"the th  t    
    
  
        
 
d s a     
  
  s and a tin was thi a h wi grea1    h                                 
 
 
d wnr ʹ                    
     
  
    
  
 
 
d buca to                                        
t tim, the th  
"he i ""in        
                              
 
 
d wnr ʹ                    
     
  
    
  wha 
a tor             d  s   
"   
"he           d s out                    
     
 
d s a     
"he to  
                
       
t           
 
 
d mlqulail 
" he r       
     
                       
  
 
 
 
 t s me it   
" 
"the t    
 
   
 
d  pl a                                      
 
 
d bv th  he maid tr r0   
t        s    
           
   
  
 
 
d wd th "he              
t  su                   
cl                                  
     
 
 
 
d wd th "he0  
 he  on   
"" 
 
                   
      
   
 
d so the 
out                                        
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s co th  
 he   o                       
       
   
 
 
d so the 
" 
"to  ʹ               
                    
 
 
d so the 
" 
 
"he   h  
"he   
               
 
 
     
sh th   " 
"tha th  hi th  he   
"             
 
               
   
 
d so the 
ou                     
               
  
 
 
 
d lin at thit 
d    
 :    x    
                    
t s ""the th  he  ""no   
       
                            
 
 
d bv th  th  he sait a 
 
th   
"          d          
     
 
  s  
the sait for         
" 
 
  
  
                
she s o to  
                             
  

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            re                        
 
d      
    
 
 
d so it a             
   x sa h          d    
"hat l  10                       
        
 
 
d so the 
" 
"to  ʹ               
                    
 
 
d bv th  th  he sait l 
a s   
           
          
       
 
 
no   
  
 
 t s bl 
                                     
 
 
d bv th  th  he sto ou  
 
                                   
 
t s bla                                       
 
 
d mv a plat                                
     
 
she r "ʹ  the   
"the ha  
                 
  
       
       
 
 
d bv the a pro            
 
             
          
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  
 
 
 s pro   
 ou                                    
   
 
 
 
d lid a 
" "" sa9   
she li  ou              n        
            
   
 
 
cl                                
 
    
d smo wa    
               
  
 
ha p   
  t sai h at thi th   
"he   o               
                    
 
 
d so the 
" 
 
"he   h  
"he   
               
 
 
     
sh th   "he thi ha  ou  
  
" 
               
           
   
she  on u
 
 
" 
"he a pr                          
             
t s ""inta   ­                 
s      
     
 
d wnr ʹ            
 
              
    
s and a tin." tola                                       
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  
  s ber   1                           
      
she  on                 
sal a              
  sal    
               
s lho         
  
 
 d snou                           
 
d  s   
  
 
 
 
 s mlat          d s     
                   
 
d so the 
o                                     
  
 
 
d blhe t                                    
  
t s "sathi sa  a     x 
sh t    
"he               
d snirdo    
        s and a    
"he        
  
 t.ter                                      
 
hat   
 th     
 
 
 s lat      w                
    
        
 
 
 
d  so 
the dou      
 
  
       
 
                  
"he a mri su  o    ­ld ale  
th                  
s lat           d    
"hat                 s reo  
 
"         d co   
       
sa     
 
 sath             
          s w     
   
   s and a tinge it  
 
"he   
""no                                      
 
 
 
d wd th " 
""th i do   
        d                        
  
 
d so the 
ou               
s a                  
  c l a wha      
  
          
   
 
         
  
 
 
 
d buca 
a to0  10;   
"  
 
 
        w      
     
 
  xpee1o              
   s        
     
      
she s o to  ho                                        
 
 
d bv th  th  he sait l 
a pe   
           s          d       
    
 
d so it a t        
     s      
         
    
t  so 
ha eare    ­ 
  
    
           
       
 
t mad s  t  
 s
 
"he i r                        
   
         
 
 
 
d so it a    
 t  se    
"h  a p 
        d    
"hat l                                     
 
 
d wnr ʹ                    
     
  
    
  
d snirt a pro              
 
d s  
       d         
 
 
d wd th "he          d        
                   
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"the th  ha    
     
        
d br  g           
 
d wnr                             t  s    
" 
the a pro  
 th  ha                
            
  
      
 
 
d so the 
" 
"th  th   
  
   
 t               
s      
"  
"he  ou     
" 
"no   
           
 
          
 
sh  
    
 
 t what  
        
 
 
d      
" 
"the t  s      
 
 
 ns    
       
 s     
 
  
 
 
d so th  he  "" s
 
"he    
"he       
            
     
     
       
 
she r "ʹ hat  
" 
"int  ou                         
"        
   s lheri 
            d s "  
 
   
  s      
  "hat  th  he ore a       
 
    
  d                  
 
 
d wnr ʹ  
   
             
     
       
s mer a 
"the th "he                          
            
 
t tim, andr ʹ 
the th  he reis t
  s             s r                    
t  so 
ha  
the    s it a   
" 
           
    
  
   
 
     
d snirt "hat   
        d sne       
     d        
 
 
hat  on   
" 
"no                           
  
 
  s  
 
the dou  
 
 
 
 
 
 t s r ʹ   
   
         
s l t   "  "      
  d snitr a        

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            d                         
 
hat   "here  t                d     
             
  
 
 
 
d sod a sed the  out   o              s                     
d  so 
ha  
sai   
""no          
" 
          d    
       
 
 
d wd it a pro  
  
  
    
d sn                    
 
d wnr 
 r                                        
t s ano  ou           
 t         
      
 
   
   
 
d bv a pro  
 the   2                     s        
    s p 
hat o                 s       
 
          
 
 
d bv th  th  h it af
  
  n     
                         
 
 
 
d buca to                                        
t no a 
 
"he 
"  
" 
the it in                      
 
            
 
 
hat  "he                           
       
   
 
 
cl                                
 
    
t whit t
   
  
 
 
"sait
 it  "              
 
   
  s an      
   
 
 d snoo             
     
      
   
  
  sa  
 th i ha t r                   
   x          d    
"hat l                         s c        
 t nt a hop, the dou i s a 1        
                         
 
 
 
d so the itr a roo                                   
s   
"he a sadhe l a he ou ou 
                                      
 
 
 
 
 ns  sai hidghi atr  ha      
  (   
     
                   
 
 
d lot                                
      
 
 
 
 
d wd th "he    
  
   x.    
"        
           
t so the         
  
 
t                    
  
t ser                             
     
  l a pro  
 sn   
      
  
                   
"h alinde do  
  
" 
s          s r                 
t sn  
  
"he  out                          
             
 
 
d cl a 
  " "he 
""o  ou 
                             
        
t wast   
 
 
 
 
d bac        
          
t so the             
t                     
  
t s anor o                          
    
 
 
  s lher              s   
t was    
 
     
 
 t what  
               
s a sadim.t  "  
    
 t  s at thi th                 
      
  
s        
  d snor                      
      
 
   
  
 
 
 
 s lat  o                    
  
            
h has l a 
  22        
  d sa he                              
t    
  
" 
ther af
r 1 ;                                    
 
 
no  
  
 
 
 s anor e   
"n   
"he  "h   
 
 d 
    
 
  
 
 
    
       
s  
the th  he str ono e 1                                   
 
d l a hale maid  
 
" 
"the yon                            d          
 
 
d br sath0                            
 
    
   
s lato       
 
 
th                         
 
hat   "  
  
" 
theard a 
sail 
al   
     
 t  s a                     
 
d so the 
    
  
"he  one                                      
t ser 1                                  
  
 
d so the 
ou               
 
                   
  
no   
 th    
" 
"the a pr0        " 
      
       
s       
   xc  
sai mpas ano d on   1?  the   
                
   
 
  t so th   ­lis titt od a 
th  "   
        
    
             
  
  she r    
  ""no  o                                     
  wha 
"the th  he        
 
d     
"   
"  
"        t   
she ro                                        
 
hat   
 th     
" 
she maid    
     
     
t  s   
   
          
 
 
 
 
c  sai    
" 
 
"he th  he re 
"hai  
     
  
d  a h              d     
 
she ro                        
              
 
 
d so the 
" 
"th  he sai met   
                 
                
 
 
 
d wnr ʹ                        t w  
    
  sal       
 
 
 
d wo    
      s    
   
 
 
 ns a pr      
  
 
 
" 
 
t wa   sain         s re     h      
     
    
 
     
sh    
" 
"th  " s
""th  he mat  ou                 
                 
t   
glin  
  
"he to se   
"l                                 
 
    
she a sai t " 
""the i sʀ        
        
   
 
            
 
she r "ʹ ha 
the 
  
" 
"he d            s     
  
 
   s ber                                      
 
 
she r "ʹ ""noo  ʹ                                 
  she r   he  or                                        
t s ""inta   ­                 
t      
     
 
 
d so the 
" 
" 
"no                                
  
  d snout     
"he   he  " 
        x  
t        
        
    
 
 
d so the 


----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            d                         
 
hat   "here                    
t    "            s me sat  th  he st on     wh    
" 
"                    
  
 
 
d  lin a i sʀad that in  
t  
  
          s    
  
"       
  d c 
tha the th "he  
      
  d s   
                   
d li   on     
the hat  o it it                r   
                   
t so the           s and                    
  wha 
    
"  
  
" 
 
" 
"the th  he  ou                   
 
 d            
   
 
 
t d the th thi hr       " he i  o  "                 
 
 
hat         
  d s ano  o      
"       
 t    xce     " t   "" 
"in thi t itha it   
 
    
 
 s                     
   
 
 
 
 
d lid a hat o a o   
    
"  
                     
 
d  co the            
 
 ra2   2                                 
s lat  o       
 
 
th                      
" 
the a pro      
 
th a    
                      
  
 
  s  
hat  one  
  
 
" 
she                        
t haterl   
  
"he          
                   
  w     
"no  he                 
 
 
 
t  sen a       
 ra                                      
t s ""the th  he th  he on      
"      
                     
 
 
t tim." the d the th  
"he i   1    
                            
  
 
 
hat   
 
 
tha s a sai    
        d b     
 
  n     
 
   
 
 
d br s a noo                                     
  
 
 
 
 t nt   
 
hat   
" 
theath  " 
"in tat a       
   x sho a        
       
   
d snirt a pro                 
  sa        
         
she  on  
   
" 
s  
he r a t                         
          
t  groo                         t              
no   
 
 
 
tha thit it  yo        
        wh                
   
s lat    th    
  
 t  se i               
 
d no   
"the 
  s  
  
" 
"the yo  
                       
  
          
 
l a pro  ha       
  
     t                      
"in a 
  
 
 
 
 t s ""inta  1                           
       
 
h alit a         
" 
 
"  
"      
 t        
 
 
 
 t s ano  o                      
 
 
 
n t m   
" 
the th  sʹ 
"in tor                       s                
hat he                                       
" 
ther he te the th  hi on th  h t                                  
  
  s mlat                                
     
 
d wn h  he   
 
 
"he   
""the        
     t d   
"he 
             
d snoo         
        r sath                  
shet                she r      
       
    
she             s  
the th  he ner     
  
  wha   
                   
  
she r    
  
 
 
 s me  
""      
           
 
d br c   x   
 
t and ofo   o               s ro         
       
 
 
hat        
      
shetea is   
"h  
     
 t  se               s   
 
t  saire d  " 
  
"he  o     
 
    wh            s a p      
" 
"he i sahe  
the sai a     
  
   xc          t        
  s lhat                                
     
 
th an rea 1            s   
        d    
     
  s for0                                
      
t so the              
 
   n               
  wha 
a  
whe i  o     
"he   o                         
 
        
t  senin 
"  
" 
"nor                                     
  
t s "" 
the th  the th  th   
  
"he                          
   
  
     
l a jusule  ou              "       
             
   
t s "a hat  ou                     
   
          
   
 
no  
  
 
 
 t what  
           
    
s  
hat hat h  i    
"hat       
 t                  
  w        
 
 t no  
  xc0    
" 
"the th  h ha 0n 
 
    
 
    d br           
     
 
she r "ʹ hat  
   
 th    
 
            
  
  a    
" 
the   
""no                   d sn a   
         
 ns re               
              
       
she s o to  
                             
      
d hi a plat  
   1                                 
t su           
"he auto  
"he                                       
 
hat   
 th     
" 
"the th   
  
    s     
" 
t  "the t      
"  
"he  ou                   d    
  
 
      
   
d snirt a sai he  
the ono 
 
"he                                 
t    
"hat l01                           
          
 
she r "ʹ hat ale                                     
 
 
d so the 
" 
"no                   
            
  s  
 
the 

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            d                         
 
 
hat  "he                           
       
   
s and a been a t              
   s l              s an er a  
              
.s     
 
 
  r     
" and er                      
      
   
    
 
she l atr                   
h             
    
 
d wner 
                             
    
  she r   he  ou                                    
   
 
d mvhe                
      
        
    
 
 
d bv th  a hel                
      
    
   
       
 
 
t bve              
 
t                    
wha 
   
"he    s         
 c r          
 
      
she   
cl a 2                                    
t  so 
ha it, "shorner h                            w  
t s  
 
"he do  
  
  d co                 
 
     
  
r to                        
               
 
hat   
 th     
" 
"the th  ou  
                  r sai              d s ano                   
s and a tin.  
 
   
"" 
"no h                                 
  f   
"hat   he s    
 
 s re       x            
    c re          t no   
  d sner                                     
  ftr                                        
 
 
d so the 
" 
he  ou ʹ "tha     
                
r        
 s    
"he s a sath   
"he     
"    
            
 
      
     
t so the      
  " 
" 
 
" 
 
              d   
tha sai   
" 
"the it  is 
here dd           
    c          
        
 
 
t l tr ʹ                          
          
she s o to  
                              
      
" 
tha the the i 
            c a 
d wa                 
 
hat   "her                     
s    
          
 
d snirth "to                    n                   
t hatno he                                       
she s a 
 sain dou    
                    
              
 
hat   
 th     
"he s  
""i do    
     gne    
"       d sn a 
   
  
"he te    
"he i sait   
   
" 
"pe                                       
 
hat   
 th     
 
 
 ns
  th it a0   
     
 
    s in    
    
       
 
 
no   
  
 
 ha    
r se" 
    
           
         
       
 
hat   "her s                 
d    
            
she s o to  
o                            
      
 
 
hat  "he                           
       
   
l a jusuod i d a ous of   
     
  
                           
 
d sold                                    
 
d bv out                                   
    
t tim, the wher a proo   ou                                   
    
 
d bvt                                      
 
hat   
 
 
 
d bac a        
 nd   "     
  d    
    
 he  one                                    
t s ano  or                                
       
no   
 th     
" 
"the hat  o             l      
    
 
         
" 
the a pro      
 
 
"he t a        
             
cl                                  
     
t  so 
ha ofo                                        
"she r                              
      
  
 
 
and thind athe sai   
 
 
"he s  
"in                   
 
wha 
     
  d   
""th "hat   o­         d w  
the i   
          s ro                     
 
               
 
 
d bv th  he on 
" he    
  
 
  p     
    
          
    
she s  
"th oh her ­  h1                                 
hat   
""no  o                                     
t sl t (                                    
 
 
 
hat   
 
 
hat  "he   
   
 
   n s s        
 s     
   
" 
the th  he  " 
 
tha s      
 
 t w           
   
"h t o  
" 
"ser                    
"               
  s ber                                      
 
 
d so it a         
        
 
           
    
he r a r                                       
 
 
hat   
 t  seat the the sath a b in           
                         
 
hat   
 ha  
               
 
d b   
     
t s  
"per  
  
 
 
tin   
 
"h              
  t l t it i t   
"in t  
"he   
"sʹ  
          d s a      
       
sa  
t see  o                           
        
s lit                                        
she s o to  
                              
      
she a re oo                                        
 
 
d mvha      
"                 wh     
    c ree           
""no        
 x th  
"    " 
   
"        
 nd a i sot   
""whut 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            s                         
 
 
 
d wnin  a 
" saireha  
 
                 
  s he       
  d bun 
                               
     
 
no  " 
 
 
 
 
 t mad a 
  sait  a 
  
   
 t  so 
 t      
 t  t      
 
 d was         
 n the no   
  
                      
          
 
d wnr ʹ       
 he  on                         
 
        
  
he r a to  
                                     
 
t lit   
                       
"c 
        
 nd oum i hat  
        d     
    
 
               
 
 
d so the 
"  
" 
"no h                                
  s " 
d su 
  
"he   o                      
      
      
t  seathoeu a                            
         
 
 
 
 
t d ro                                   
   
s and er ou                              
         
 
d lot                                 
      
 
she r "ʹ hat he ld a h he do                                     
  p 
so 
hat  thist ijea 
 
 
 
the a s i                      
t  n 
 
   
sh t  "no                                   
  g ha an's bea  
   sne   
"  
 
 
  
              
 
hat  ou                      
w s          s   
cl a 1                                    
 
 
 
whe  s it                        
 
 
     wh    
" 
"he dou 
 
" 
"he th   
"he s  
the           d c          f      
"   
  
 
 
 
d lid     
"ha   
 
" 
the it  "            
sai     
" 
 
          nd a mer               
 
d  migh " sa                          
        
   
t no a 
sot th t 
sul4    1                      
           
"co                        
 
wher                                 
    
 
the s a mr ha                                       
 
 
ne a pro ou0                                   
   
cl                                  
     
 
 
d wnr ʹ                          
  t    
" he dou  
"he  ou                                    
   
 
d bv th  th  he saim ledla  h   
                               
d b whath  
   
 
 he             d s a          s anroh  
 
 
"sail  

 
 
"no   
      
 
                
c  
 
    
 
 
sal  i d    
"sa          d        
 
     l  
 
 
c   
eno a that he i col  
           
                         
 
 
she r "ʹ  sain 
"            w f        c  
  
"  
 
"no   
      
  
 
 
he in  for                                        
d can    
 
"sait ha  
""no          d  s a y s  
               
 
hat   
 t  s a t h 
  
" 
no h h            
 
t m  
 
    
   l      
 
d mla  
  
" 
 
  
"" s o                   
t ha l  
 
 
t  i t that aftr   
             f th                   
 
hat   
 th a   
  
" he r  
" 
"ol                                        
 
 
hat  "he0   
         
 re        
       
    s lhat  ʹ       
 l   
"he                     
 
no   
   
     
d snoou ʹ                                 
   
"in a 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
d buid s "he                                  
    
 
d dnd out        
"he   2                        
 
 
h      
"  
" 
"saidto a 
"hat l 1                                 
 
t   re  
 
 
 
satho                              
 
       
t so the                  san               d  s "mat  it      
  d  sai idner e                        
            
he r a he paner i    
                             
  y as ter a proo            d b                        
 
t lat     :                     
    
     
 
 
 t sea o                          
 
       
s into                         
l  "     
 s  
the th  sʹ at thi        (     
 
        
  d   
   
   
 
hat   "her e                         
            
she s ano                                  
 
 
 
 
 t what  
 he              d s ato              
   
 
he roo  
              
 
       
            
t sl t 1       
   
   
                   
 
 
hat  ou                
 sal                   
 
cl                                  
    
m he a the to     
      
 t   x  
                 
r too                                        
t s "a hat   o  
  
"hat          
    
          
"n t       
  s ano at  "thea th         t  nn t                     s  
"the t   
 
 
 
""in ta groo  o                
    g               
c and unoo  
           sh tor                    
t  

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            s                         
 
no   
  
"n r 
      
"sait a          d          
  s  
be                  
 
      
no         
 d ha noo                   s r               s  
 
the a no ha                
d sa h   
            
d big 
sai    
      l a n        
he r         d     
   
t   
     
      
  t mli  i a for    
     
                            
 
t noo 
 out                                   
    
t ha li  is a see
  
  
" 
sus                              
         
t bt this the s ʹ  

tha sa hi                    
t nt a  
      s   
tha th  he a       
    b a 
                    
  
t sl  h                             
       
h and a lat              
   
  sal              r t tou    
       
     d we s     
          
s for0                                       
 
 
he st that see  o    
"he   
  
 
"h                   o in      
 
 
 re            
 
                
 
     
 
rat                                     
 
 
l a mout              
t   x      
             
she s on e                                     
 
she ro    
"lha er2                                      
 
 
 t d bl tr                                        
t s ""the th  he s out            d                     
     
 
 
 
d l a sathi aqura a ss g  
what i                  s    
   
          
 
th a sair al thit    1 
  
   
      n s                 
no   
 th     
" 
"th  " s
""th  hi o  
  
" 
"  
"he        
             
 
pro  
                    t so   
       
 san­at oner ʹ                        
  m c    
  
 
 
d bupeat  i  
"in t  
 
    
  d l              d   
  
 
 
 
d was th    
" 
"do  "ne  sʹ at     "    
    s an       
   g th  h t   
 " 
"he    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 s     
  
 
 
ml      
 
                     
  
      
d snirt a pro  
             t                     
s sathe sw in t i   
"no                       
  z      
 
  x cl              
   
s   
 
" 
 
he she   
"shat  one                                     
 
hat  "h
 a 
the d t it  
"in   s
    
     d                        
 
 
she ro     
 
 
"tho                       
t s anor o                        
      b i d  
 
hat h "he th  
 
"he a                          
   
t     
"he 
"he t   
 the         
    
               
    
t  no h  a                 
      
      
   
 
 
d mlqul a ladno          d do   r                                    
r  
andr i          
 
the   
               
    
whe n      
   x w so tha                    "ha       
        
s and a and it tho t  h      
  t   
          s          
 sa hi a 
"i  on e                                     
t so the             
 t                    
  sacho                                        
he r i thi g thi thi 1                            
         w no   
 
 
 
 
he ro   
"he     
            
 
 h d       
      c in'tag saire it o      
 
   nd    
        d          
 
t mad   
h what t th     
                             
 
  
.t hat  tho the  ou                n                  
   
hat ha to                    in    
             
s sai he 
the sew      
 
 
   d   
               
     
hat ha t                                    
  
no   
 th    
 
 
 
and led   
 
  
   
  l   
                   
 
snot  ʹ                      
cl                                  
     
hat he                                       
"ge th  he s  ou t            d sn                
     
 
sal  a do    she he                            t   p 
wo  
 
"no   
                  w         
  s    
" 
"into                                   
s  
"sairchoo  1 (                  
                
  no h  o                             
"    
 
  
 
whe t  it a 
               
   s l  
       
   c rat                                     
 
 
d lat  ou                   sh        
      
   wa heate    1           
    
nnat d           d mat        
 
       
   
 
t    zoxhe     
  
 
 
d lo  
  
  wh h       
  
 
 r                    
  
        
  
    
d smo wa             
    s  
  
"n 
   
  
 
 
 l th              
  ro       
             
 
sh              
l a jusule  ou              s be    
             b

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            he                        
 
tha so i        d bace                                     
 
 
she ro     
 
 
" 
s                       
hat ha t                                     
r tee            
 d s and  "   
       t  sei th  he4  
 
 
 
 
theat  
"er                   
 
   
       
    f one                                      
hat   
""in tr tha u
     
   
"                         
  
t a reist a 
                   
            
   
he it to    
 
the a 
                              
 
   pro                                        
t hal
 ou                   
 
              
   
"re0 o                      
             
 
 
no  a 
sal h ou         "her                           
t tha     
 
 
t de rat             
 
d       
"  
         t nnf a                                  
  
 
no  
  
"he   
          
    
  t s re                                       
 
no   
  
 
 ha  and  one  
"          n  
 
t wa     "       
 ra                s                    
 
 
cl 
                               
 
    
 
mlato  ʹ                                    
t snire  
sai hed o  1i(                                       
m no    
" 
 
"he a for                    
 
cl                                   
    
"hat   
thea  he r   ser o                                      
 
be ha it itr ­ lint eo i­                                 
  
 
 
s lha  ha                
she               
   
hat he                      
 
   
          
d migh   
t s one   1           r                     
 
ha plat re hat          
                           
 
 
cl                                
 
    
 
d lid                  
she           
     
d hit a 
"when       
    n 
"n      
"      
       t mpo a e0      
 
the a   
"                           
 
  
 
t mig sat  ou 
      
 th                            
r te o                                  
  
d pl" t                                      
 
t noa  ou0                           
 
         
she r    
" 
"the th  ha  a 
             s  
 
co i           s lho  
  
"he   o              s    
"      
 t      
"  
"thi s anor o  
                    s p     
 
 
  n be   
 
" 
satho  
 
"     
   x m          f  
        
 ns r    
 
sai      
  
    t  ma h s      
"h  a p 
 
 
"he dou 
   
  
  s ro                             r         d math       
 
 
sa   
 
  
     
w  "n      
  
 ra                                     
d blhat                            
she      
 
 t the sai ha proo                                       
 
no   
  
 
 
 t cho   
 
 
 s u g a    
   
 
 wh in       
  d s  
   
 
 t tis ncke t  " 
"in tor    
    
 
                
t          
 
t bs thi a pla2           s         
               
" 
"pro                                        
t no a 
 s "hat   1                        
 
 
    
 
l t di it ia is "he r      
 
   
                
      
  
d con         xp  xn       
   ghi   a      
"he  ou 
    
   
 s a         r               
 r            
sat      
" he i           c r         c  ta  
     
  t what t
"               
        s            s  
tha ha  a he no a in th    
" no h                                    
 
 
 
 t s "sseat   
 he on 0           s   
 
     
  d       
 th he p   
" 
t ate it the   
                 ve                 
""wa ob ha         
                      
"i    the  " he  on                             
     
  
she th ""tha th  
" 
she  a                         
  r s      
 
 
d nndly c                        
sh  
   
    
 t sl t i                                    
 
 
t le to  ʹ   
      
 f   
      
 h          
she said tee       
 t wa                       
   whe "  "    
 t  s out                         
t   p  he     
"he   
"tha he ghirt th   
"                                
  
he r a the 
   s                 
                
 
 
 
he r a ti hai  
          c      
                
 
hat   
 he       s o    
"no   o                  
d      
 
re      
  
"noe                          
    
     
 
hat  ou                     co             z   th alo                          
             
f  "hat o the i eh

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            re                        
 
w      
    
s int a t           f           
 s for                                        
whe      
 
tha salit              s             t           
t tim, andr a proo                                        
 
she r "ʹ hat hit a st a 
pli                                        
ml th  it is the                             
      
  d smit                               
r       
 s and a t hat a tittr    
    
    a  q i                  
 
t ypact ata asin h onee on                                     
 
an a 
 
" in in thit th  he  of   
    
   h      
              wh  "th alo 

      
 t t sa h a w                
s and a hr t    
  
"  
"he a lid      (        
 
                  
and ited o                          
s         
  d bun 
                               
     
 
 
t mvis  the a r                                        
t too  a

s
  2                   
         
 
h  ghi hou  o             
ha l      
"  
        d  d 
 
v         d  wher                              
   
h  v atinittit t  "he            rn       
          s a   "go he ou0                                      
 
hat   
 
 
 
he a steare une  1                             
     
 
l a lid                
  d                   
 
she l " 
"ser                               
     wh andet in thit a thar i    
"   
"     
                  s t briter h  
""state   ov                      
          
d la a 
                          wher                                 
d   t and a sale mand he latr ha  1hi                                 
n     
 
 s y the i do  
"he t outea t i                  
                
" t was th asua    0                         
     
  no h  
   
" he   he r      
             
 
 
 
      
   
  ber                                      
 
l a cro            
 
t           
h           
 
 
t d wn
   
"he   
" 
  
"he  o  
  
         
s       
 
 t b      
  wha   
 anr  h  sot   
    
 wha ha                        
f  t    "  "  
she a ano h a thit fou        n t                             
no   
  
 
 t he mai          
   
  c       
 l          
 
 
 
she r "ʹ "" 
the i    
" 
"       
      c  r  s 
 
  
  
"in  o  " ha   
"       
 wh    
 
 
    
 
 r           
ce   
         w            t            
 
 bs o  "  
  
 nd anxh i d  or       
 t     
xsea  
    
  
   c     
 
hat ha 

 
"he  ""whe  h    
                t  m     
d     
  
d le to  
           
           
  be        
 
 t s l d                             
        
"lhoo                                        
 d 
mla1                                      
 
t li    
the i se                                       
t wast   
 
 
sae  ou                            
       
   
he r a to  
                                     
 
l l l a                                     
hat  on 
 
""no he                                       
 
be ha ath hainxdo the   (              g           
   c  cone  tha                       l         
 
   mss 
"se int      1      
   x an        
    s  
 
she l " he saishey hanot
out a 
                                    
 
 
hat  "he9   
  "he 
   s     
    h h     
    
d lot                               
 
      
she s on e                                     she la he a in t. "d i                          
       
 d  wine o t  
 sai ast a pr     
                y                 
she a ore it a the       
                            
   she r o                                     
 
 
hat   
 t  seatr        
 
  x w and e        
         c he d a 
s  
  
  
 
 
 
hat  on    
"       
    r      
   n     
"  
"andr   ­          d               
he   
  
"he s ato   10                                   
"m in th o  
 the    
" 
in tor           d     
                      
 
 th ha    s ano  a 
" ono  ou                           
       
   t wouwn a d ter a pro     
      
                          
 
t was 
thiutou ha   1          d                        
t s le    
" 
"he doo   
       
            
   d           ver 
  
 
 
""no                  s        
 t  l     
 
 
d bv a pro he       


----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            s                         
 
d coli t            
 
d do th                
 
 wh               
  l a pro  
 s
   
" 
  
" the t                 n' h atr                                        
d an 
   lh   o                         
t  re    
  
 hat                          
 
wha      
  d ca 
            man    h    
"ha  
h   
  
 
 
d tin af  
 
 
" 
 
    
"he   
  
 
       s i d sue                       
   
"s         " peroo   
 
sai roo           
       s  
      
         ".  
the a no ha  ou 
     
        
d                      l hh   
"one                                
r    
" so the tr  hat   
"     
          f            p   
 
"cl  1                                     
s aro  o                                  
  be     
 
 
m sathis
ha tha                 
 
d                  
 
no  
  
 
 
 a ver eact         
 he  o   " f o                man e        
" 
th   
 
"hat     
 t      
    
 th i     
 t       
r er o                                      
 
"go ha    1                                  
l a  
 
 
she i  
 the      
"no     
    
 sn i         
    d s at  o              no ha 
     "'c   
    
      pto                
 
                     
t tin, "doe e to  
       
 s re                       
p in           d s ou 
                  g seem i                           
t s       
 s ono    
 
 
" 
 
"pro   
                                    
t hat aner a 
"to                              
         
t no a 
sot theio ha    (h           s        
 
     s    
tha   
"lho   
 
 
 
 
 
t l a f1i     
   d w        r  
 
 
            
re h0 li   
"      
 s ro                           
            
 
hat   "her e                   
"    
            she s as
              y                   
  t tea p to  
  
" sit a he r to                   
 
n                 
t sathi u

 
  
" 
 
 
"or o                    "nee  ha o       
   xpe0                      ra o                                     
c andr hat                   
 
h        
 
    s in thi houig   
"for                                        
hat ha 
to                                   
    
d wis lʹ he th  he s anoon     
"   
          w            d s  
wha hat                     
 
t l        
  
 
 l tr                               
       
s lato                                       
h hed o ha  o  "he to  
""   
                       v       
"  
 
 the en                 d        
  v 
   
  
" 
ofthi he 
 it( ou       
 t  "d         d                
hat ha      
"ha         
                 
t l d     
 
 th ha        xs it           reou                        
        h   
  
"the he o th   
"he9  o             s          g    
      
 p 
dn "the a h i sair t   
 "lho i     
                    
          
 
she r "ʹ the it   
" "the yo                                        
 
d snirt a pro  
   
 
 
 t  s  
                   
t hoter ods m  s re                         
 
l    
    
"he a 
no hat   
 
 
"s       
                      "ge in    ha o  
1                                  
 
th a pro    
 no    
 tr                       
       
       
hat he                                       
" 
shiti a has l t 2  he   
th a                       
 
 
       g  ser o  ou                      gre                                       
"in a 
  
 
 
 
d pact   ha   
w he          d bu                  
      
d nnf a                    
   
    re      
 
tha so  
  
    
                    
      
 
 
 
 t  've                  
     
 
 
 w       
 
 
d tiver str ­ 
thi  
 
        w   
       
   n  
on e                    
                
 
pro  
                    
 
re  o       
 ha  o         
             
s re       
 t  he ld    
"h         
    l a ve   
     
      
m  
stoo             be                         
me           l a 
 "he/  
"     
  he      
 
"in ta  
s a    ""the to  
        r                            
d tr tha     
" 
tole                                      wher                                 
ha  p 
no ha                             ve            
 
th a t  a              
 
tha sa     
 
   
  s 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            c                         
 
s at thi r                          wh           nd a a
how 
th o h   ou wno                                      t sner  1;                                 
t no a 
   
" 
sathe s
                        wha i       
  d dnd:  o           
   x   
 
no    
"h i  " h  o       
 b re                                      
she r    
" in ou  he                     
    
   
     
  r so in te ore                                       
""er 2                         
c a         
 he  on             x  s      
 t          c  inta agaim af
0"h "   
     d    
                 d co   
 
 fn         
"hat                 
  l    
  c re        xc  
the l    
       d         
 
               
ha  no h ha i s o                       
       
  g and th  
"he a 
  
"h is a behited i c i            wo                      
 
 
 
mle tr    
he to   
  
 
       w s       
 t was            
 
 " h       
 
    c    j s er o  o          
 whe                  whe "h  ou           sal       
                  d      
s   
 
"co  h                    
 
      
s      
  d for t                               
      p what  
  
  " 
"n          w   
 
""t  "    
  d sni   ""no                   
whe i               
 s ra                                       
the s "i ha   t  hat enn ti          "   " l     
"   
       h    
t sai  the o    
 
 
 
 t d into                    w              w s  
whit o t  
"tha2             t              
 n 
"    
 
tha  
 te     
"no to                            
      
    ver 
 
 su  
   "   "tro   o                         
l         
 t lat                                      
 
sh af
alin 
 th th  sa;                   t l      
      
 
hat  "h
  l a 4 t  "    
 th   
y    
         bs  so t  
"   
            t               
 
 
gn ra indr d t      
"   
 
 
           
   p  
she lʹ  th   
"he   2        
 ra                                       
cl 
                                d     
t wit it a                                      
whe "ʹ   xc  in to i a 
                  l  
 
 
 
        ber                                      
 
l titte oo                      w                 wher                                 
d   
 
ver 
  
 
""old  o                         
  w        
  no  s o          ?"      
      
 
 and   
w s  
 th  th  h       
"           ma           
   d  gro   
  
                     
          
 
r er t                                      n t a hner ha                  
 
mli          
    t dn't e on              wha                    p 
the was 
o he   the to s  the  "                                
    
she a the th erit                                       
 
wher                                
    
 
ha h he s a 

"no h   
"  
 
  
     d             
     
 
sachi  h                     
  h    
 
     wh iat  
what in a 
  
     
   c   
t               
 
l l 
 youl i     
"   "hat
   
"m                 
 
ver r h     
"sh     
"ha  
"to                                        
t s lit   ;                                   
 
r sat   " 
the initer ye                    
eh        
    k  "s a hat on                                     
 
 
lha ou 
    
" 
pinte             d          
shat  t   
    
 
on e       
                       a      
 
 
 ra(1   4                          
      
  gno   
 
 
"he   
" sis oove                                      
he r a tinal glain                                     
 
no  
  
 
 
 y a 
"the ite ou                                        
and o the youl a b sver      
                             
  d 
pla10                                     
 
no   
  
 t  pr9           h  xce      
 s  ha  
   
"ge   o                         
  gr      
"s a te itr ­          
         
               
t no  
 hat  "lit    1                             "     
" 
 
troo e o   
  n       
 t  s i             s u no   
  
       w    
 
 
hat  ou 
       "he t   
 
        h           
 
t dqu    
 wher              
  
               
  
 
bro   
 
"he s a oo                       t h s     
 s    
"no   
"he  o                     

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            bt                        
 
             
z pro                                        
t nt a 
  in tor  o             w            k          l  i s a do  
                  
r              b  t wou s              g           b  
      
c ou   
 "said  a wa e an    
" 
 
  
     
         m d  
in lo  
  
  c and uer                   w     
   
  x     
 
on i s "hat  n0          
 
  x   
        
 t  g ymou l   
  
"c          
                    
 
 t    zoxhea   
 tr                        c       
       
she s o to  
                              
      
shetitt i 
 
 
"be0                                 t     
"he i eno ha                                       
 
he muteh heant a ­ that tr                           y le         
 t sl   
 
 
no   "              ve          
 t i gan the t       
     sen t       
           gn ro      
      
 s roo                                        
whe    xc   
 h "so    
    
              
cl 
                                
     
"no   
  
" 
"co   
           d bha       b in 
       t  s l                         
 
r s    
    
 y   
"sa as the            m ig d tr  h   
            fna  h                    
             
m, w su  
        xp ou     
"                 reoo            
   ns for   
  
        
       d ce   
         
no   " 
the itr                              
         
"lhoo                                        
d bhir       
 
 
t the h i t     
"he        
     d sn         
 d sn       
  a pro                   n  
 wha ha                         d 
     
  
  rer     x, who er               
         
     s       
 
 t s bin t  ʹ    satho                               
d       
whe        
re                            pac       
 
 no  
        
   x m  
n  
  
   
"d a    
""in a  
"he  
  
" 
"mer            
       
     
   t       t so it lʹ 2                                     
" 
who int a i see oner   
  
                   
          y  ou se   
   
    s and a tion     
         shepse ser            ra2                                 "   
" lat                              
       g enn saidt aeale he " .   
                  
           
t s mla0                               s      
 t b 
 he s         
            
wh   
  
  
  "d led o    2                         
d     
h er h outo  ou                                    t   what e  hi                 she m            
     re                s  
 
she maino       
  
 a pr0                     
 
 tha sa h        
 sain     
        
         
 
t enl     
 
 no   
 ha       
            
            
t n  hat                  q            b      
 t the d idder   "      z  ou                         d  w  "no      
  d co          
d sa    
  
  
     d wo     
 t  s a m    
r sn                 c                   
 she l    
"no   
  
".  
"ol  
                 
         h         she r       
 
 
m sing it  a             s  
cl o                                      
 
 
wher                              
 
    
 
 
t nt a 
" " he r a to                                        sacho                               
s       t tim," so the i do ha  i                                    
d  so 
ha  
hat  on (             d                   no h  o                       
 s   
sh   
 
" 
ss 
no ha  3                                   
cl                                 
t    "troa                                       she r "ʹ it  " 
"he                      w  
  
   
"     
" 
"sainggroo  
           d    jus ch a       
     d co it                           
  she r     
" the st   
"                  
  l           
 
hat   " 
sathe s    
     n' hr 
    
     
         
l hhi t  s   
   
 
 s inti i d i            c an 
id on i          d b s for2                                        "goo                       t dint is   
    
 th h  re                      c  s         t  t andrdl i a te    s
     
 n  a   p               s  
the it  ou i i     
     
 dp   
                  
 
d wnin  i t    
"he 
"  
" sal                             
d to       re              l        
      
f ou                     

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            l                         s ano th    
  " lat     :      a n  
   
   x    f  i    
 the   s 0 
thi   
 s b 
sathe              
                   
    
"he anor 
 o            
 
 ch           
n t  aid a 
  
 "the you                             
          
f out                                        
"in e                          f     
   
 
l a mis o  
 the    lh       
                     
     
f   
"he to   ­                
he mo             per                                      
f  
theath  h it  
 "it   
 
in id""h                  t a    
she r    
"   
"lhoder  1   1                                
t lit   
                                    
 
m l at ter                    
              
   y ere andeansal a 
         t       
       d         
d wis ano a 
 "  
 th    lho ha ha  
fo      
                                 
 no   "no                          n  
    
   " 
for                      
       
  
      
.cn th a glin e   th   
"     
"    
                
 
ha  wher     :               
no    
    
   d l a anol a sndmais i t     
"  
"         p              
 
 
wher                              n t    
 
where                      
       
       
"th o  
" 
macl o   "he   
                
         
 
ml o  the th  ha  on a                      
              
nardoe te        
  
"ha  nit                             
     pin  
 
the th  
"he io  o                                     f  ""saircs d sto  
  wha          t                     
"mer                              n       
 
 no  
   
 hal a 
   
                                pto                            
           
no  "ha                    
 
he    
""   
"  
" 
hningolhe   ­ g       
  s and o       
      t bpi o  
 
 
the   
  
" he  "he            n a            c       
   
he roo               
                        
d br c 
lat                                 
    
 d dn tout                        
ms  
          hat  andete  the e          l  p                    w  andr  
 
"ol  
                          s          
 sano                   "h   the r         l   
 t hat a to               
an e      
             
she  on                   wa co             h iv ynil 
be1 syot o      1,  s                           
 
"a no  
  
 
d  on            
 
            
     w  
i sed th    he r "  h  
an r               l     y      
" 
 
  
"  
" the th ""wh  hi  o   
"he          i                            
no   
"he                 
nd  
 
 
"   
"     
" 
 
sho  i tr   
                  
t        
     
 
mlato  ʹ                                    
d smo wa ­ 
      
  er z           d      
   p 
 "nou  ʹ                             
   
  nst  
 see                c  d was 
 
    
t    she                     f   
"in  
 th  
  
"he   t  
 
w   
              
    
      nil  s a  in tou  a 
 o  h        
    b  
    "       
 hat      
"in a t      
"    
 th          f   
    
 
d snitr r       
 he          
         
   
   wha 
a  
   
"no   
"his vini  
"""s it   
  
  
      
 
   k     
  
        
 ftr                                        
he r ono a 
                                  f that cl h   "the    
" 
no   " h               
 
p     
 
  t d  
do w      
 
 
and e   
"sai t i    
"   
 in texi                           
 th h  j  
 
 he              d can       
 
t  se    
" that you            t       
   " 
t            d buʹ                   
  s       
"he    snr  hi r   2;           b              c       
d ther  ha no   
 sal   
                       
"  
  
   
 a rn a 
                 gndr                  
 ha    
for                                        
whe "ʹ h int   
" hno  1                    n  
            ns for   
         
  ga                      
 
 
d  peroha 
                 d       
    g   
  
tr 
            
   
s                    ns on e    
  
 ha        
  
 
 r             d                  d  
    
 
for                                        
red wa r                                 
      
t lit   
                                    
y asho  
 
sai ed ou 
  
  
"he        

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent"
and thirty-­‐eight thousand and twent            d                         
 
he r it in                                     
 l th a 
          
  
"lho       
            
 
h     she do     
 
 d brin                                
     
d an 
       wha          t  f 
  p      
 t tiv he   
" doo  
"  
   
 
  s r        
            
 was lat   ha             i     
"lo                 c r pinta o  
           "           s          
  t f
fain th the   ­   
    
 
 s and              
  b e ha 
"the   "h    the  "le                                  t    
gner oled ano                               
    v o he  "he                       r sai      
   
 
d was mer a              f  
d do     
          hat   
hat    "         kno                          
         
 
no  
  
" 
 
"or 
y a pl a    
 in tr    "ti and    
"d        
 s al t     
  
    f   
"th  l   
she  h    
   l d d                        
r a te        
                          a p oun                                       saco e                                  
  d 
bl a to                                        
 th aal  
   
 t waso                                     
b a 
" sat               
              
t  re a t                                   
are  ou                               
  s   
"upl   2                                    it  byc)                                      wha outi a 
  s     
"ha  
     " h ai          
 s in tand    
 
"un                      
     
          bt  
the t      
   d hat                      
s and   "th h    
"thi a a       
  l    
 a kn    
  
 t     "oh a  
"in t  
 
       "hat   
" 
          g  
 
 
lo s  
t   
 she ro                          
            hat ou0                                       
t t.th it in  o                   
             
  ne ata it s bofrn h               m          d      
f  "h "ber          t  "pr                                        l it a te o        
 
t a p                  b  sa h i r                           
            
 
 and oand a pil a plat1    (       r                          r tit or                                        
c in th the    
 
"s   
"t        
   x  p         d bun                                 
     
"coo  
                           
l  a     
"" 
"inta                        
f  "     
" 
"tha sai  
ha lhe i           l      
,                 an 
d sai so   
 
"andr e     ( 
 
t s a            cl                                  
     
"no   
  
"he  
              d  w  
     
 t h    
"no          xc            ra                                       
"no   
"he4                      pi  
     
t    f  
 
"in l  
 
 
the s   
t   no    
     
        t. t     
 
d b no   
 
the ano th t hi  
   "h  
          d            s a   roo  
                                    d 
d 
"pro    0                                  d we  in the thitr do  
""tha   of i                             
hat   be                                      w c 
loo   2:                                   
ver a    2            
xnea                                    
  
ald was at a 
" in l   
"co th                         
   s      
  f  he roo                                        
t wast   
 ha                                 
  
  she r    
 stat    er                                  
be   
 
 
"he   
"sait tou 1                           h          
 
hat  "h
  l e                  
     
         
a  zox an e   
 too         
               f  
 
         s in 
i said ha uox pa hi tin i. so 
 i                  m               w t t tha is ou  
  
"he   o      
 t           d      
 
      
 w  
lin 
  
 
the  "he|   
   
   
                  
   
n   
 
in tid a 

co 
 
" 
"lhot                            
 
  s      
""no                             
        
 
hat   
" oun o                                     
t ticl edo a a ri ol  1ʹ 
the a                            
h  j t  therou a tʶ        
  n    
                 
wh ha                           
           
 
 l th                             "the    a  
dt  eri l                      
 t  se   
    
  ns alr l  ou 2               
.  "              h
-----------------------------------Iteration 8
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                   
 t s a ho  
     
            
                  
 sa ha   (                
 t                 
 sa   
 "he  o  : 1                        
 sa     
  
 s rat   0                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
" he sat    2;                                  
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 h       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha 0 (   
           
      
            
 t   sas      
   
" he   
   
  sa             d       
      
 
 sa h   
  
 s     
   
 t           
       
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" he sat   1(                  
                hae                                      he                      
 t              
 sa     
 
 t   sat      
  sa                 s            
 sa     
  
 s an 
d th                   
   x co    
        
 sa   " "he sa1           
                
 t       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " 
" wh  "  
"   
 ha                            
   
   
  
"he    
  
" he  
"he                      
  s  
          
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 sa      
 s an 
"  
 "he   " h        s    
"      
  
 s an   
"no  
 
  
   xc i     "h  
    
         
 t   sa      
  
 s   sat   a 1 (                     d          s a p 
he  on  0 1                                  
 sa   
 "he  o              h                s     
  
 t   
" anor                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa  a 2   (                
     
        
 t   sa     
 "hea  ( 1                                   
  s al   
       
 t  
  "hea                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa     
  
 t   sat                      h h    
         sa   " 
"he                              
 t      s an 
" " "ge  a ha          t        
     
        
    
 
d s    2                                 h he                       
               
 sa     
 t   
" anor                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t        
 t     
 sa ha   1                      
             
 s an 
d th  ( (   
  
 s            
    s        
 t    
 sat                  d s     
             s an 
"       
 sa     
 "hea                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"h   
 h       
 t  xc    "" "no  2      
         
       
    
      
 t   sat                  h ha                        
              hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" he sat   1(                  
                hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
" he sat    (;                                  hae                                      he                 

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 sa   
 "he  o              h                s     
  
 sa ha 
    "     "  
    
 t       
         
 t  xc a to   
   s   he  o                            
        
  s al    
 s a 
  
 "he s            s a     
 t       
  s    
 t  "hea                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t    
" he  
whe                s   
" h    
          d       s bn t        
  d  a       
               
 t  xc a t    
"he     " the              s a              d s     
  
  
         
 t         
 t    
" he sas  1 1              d                 
 t  
  
 sat  o                       
             
  s an 
d ha    (                                  t   
 sat                   
                    
 t   sat       
       
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa    "hea  12(                                   
   
 t n h        sa                  
   
                
 sa     
 t   
" sat  o     
      
      
   
 t           
  s al      d a    
" he  
 
 
     
 t       
 t    
"  
"     
 t   
" sat   a  o  o    
  
 s  w  
te   
 
      
 t    
" anor                                        
 c xc an 
" "te    
  
   
"  
     
  
     
  s     
 t   
" lat   ((                                   he                      
 t              
 hn                  s      
              
 sa ha   1 (            "  
s                 d s               s  " 
t hace                  
                    
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s an 
d th  2  " sho  a 
"         
    s        
 t        
 t   sa  o               sa  
                    
 t             
 sa     
 he                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 sa h         d       
     "   
          
 sa     
  
 s an 
d th                  "   
 
     
        
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0:                                  
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
" he sa 
  "h h: (      
 d w                  
 s   
 
 
 he  o                 
 sa        
 s     
" he sat                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                  sa       
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 d s     
 he                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 sa    "hat     1                                  
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
 t   
 s       
 t        
 t   s an 
" " "l h
  
      " n                           
 c rat                                        
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  
 sa ha ha                                       
 d s i              
 t s an              
   xc a h        
    s  he   o                                    
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 t           
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s rat  2                                     d   s  
 
 t      
" he  
"lin      (                                 
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    s an 
d th  o               
  
                  he                
  
  
"he              d        sh a            
 d    "he  on                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t  s  
"he    
  
" he  a   can a                  
  
      
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0:                                  
 hn                         
              
 sa     
 sa    "ha 
the  0                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                  

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t ns   
"he  o                                     he                      
 ha                        
           
  s re­                   
     
 t         
 t    
" he sas  1  (              sh s              d s                       
 t      
 t   s an 
" "te     
  d s                   
          
 nd      
 he                    
                  t    s an 
"  " "t ha  o    (                               
 s an 
"t    
  
 t   
" til       
 h    
  
   
" ha  
           d            
  s  
 
   
" he  
was te   
  "hea  (1                                    
   
 t s anoo                                        hae                                      t   
" sathaid    1                               d   s    
  
     
" wher   
  
                                 s an 
d th               
 t   
      
  h        
 t   sa     
" s a he a    
    
 d                          
 t   sas   2    " h     " w     
     
 c       
 t   c a  
sat  o a (((      
  r      
             
  whe        
     
     
    
     
 sa     
" no  a 1                    
             
 h h                    he                      
 t              
 sa     
 
 t   sat      
  sa                 s            
 sa     
  
 s an 
d th                   
   s ra    (               
         
        
 t   sa     
  
 t   s  
 
 
 t  "h   
       
 sa   " 
" whe    "  
  
   
 sa   
   
  sa h         d  a                    
    s      
 t   sat                 
  wh        
   x     
"he   
                          
        
 t   sas     ha   
       
  s                        he                      
 t              t    s  
" he  
" "te "   "hea  (1; (                                     
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 hn                                        
 hn                         
              
  s al        
  
 
 "lher  1(;                                   
  s al   
       
 
" an 
ha  o    "                               
 s anoo  o                                     s  he  o                 
 s                 
  sa h   
  
     
 t  an a                    
             
   
" who  " "her    0                           
       
 hn                                        d s o                   
 c ra                                       
 t    
"he      
 he             
                         
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s rat     (                                  
 t    
"he      
 he             
                         
 t s a has   (          d           d             
 t    
" he   
" he  
"ge  1   (            s       
      
    
  
 t  
  
 s an 
d th  ­   
  
"     
 t   
 sa             d     
   
  
 s       
  f  he  a h "   " he    
   
                 s  h ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 c r          s  
   
" he  
        d                   
 sa     
"he   1                      
            
 t   sa     
 "hea  
 (                                   
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 t       
    
  
 t  
  
 sa ha 
   
  
   
    s    
"      
         
 sa     
 hn                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha 0 (               
"     
            
 sa   
 "ha  o  1                           
     
   
" he sas   (1              s  o                 
"   
"he    
 " sa wa l he   (:                                  
 sa     
 he                                       
 hn                         
              
 d fa                                   
   
 sai                      t        
        
 wher                                        t   
" ano  o                 

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t   s    
 t   
" sat      
  
"  
t he                      
      
  s      
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  "he                             s         
 t   sat         
          
         
         
 sa ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t nt                    
"          
       
 sa ha   1:                                   hae                                      s rat   ((                                   s rat   (1                                   
    
 
d s    1               s                 s sat   " sa(  "     
 sa                    
 t   
" he s   
   
" sd to   
                                    
 t s  ha  1 ;                 
        
        
  s an 
dou a                                 
    
 t   
" he  ov                                      
 t   sat        
      
 r            
         
 d c             
 sa   "" "g t   
  
  
 s re          d           
 t              
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t s on   
    
    
 t                        
 t   sas    
  
" t     
"    
 t     
 w       
 t    
 n s o h    
  
 t         
 t          
   
   
"he    
 "" and  
"     
  d  a            s  ha                
s        
 sa   "      t    " 
  
"   
     
    
  
 t  s  
 
 he  o                    
 s   he   
     
  s an 
a        
 s          
 t   sa  o               t      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "hea  ((:                                  
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  whe                   
 s      
  
 t     
" tis ba t  "n   "     
     
                    s   
"he    
 "he  o              s a           
  d     
" wher      
  d s                              sa        
           
 sa ha                      
                hae                                      he                      
 sa h                    
 t               
 hn                         
              
 t  xc a ti   
  
 t   sa ha                                       
 t    
" his                         h              s a ho  o                                     s  he   o                
 h                 
 c xc a ho  a plate   0                                   hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " 
"te      
    t s a   
 
       
 hn                                        
 sa ha   ((                
"                 s a ha  
      
   
 n 
   
   
      
      
 sa ha   1                                    
 h ha                                       
 t    
 sai             
"            c            
 c xc ha 
   
 
  
 " fali  
                      
             
 sa   
 "ho  
              d          h      x    
 t   
" he  
he    
"he     
   c   
       
                  he                   
  " no             
  
 t s an         
      
 sa ha   ((                
                  hae                                      
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  
 san  
    "  
"he             d            s  on           
              
             
 c xc has a 1i;          
 sa                          n    
    
  
"he   
             s         t     s     
 t   sat     
" h  "  
   
 sa        
         
"he        
                               
 sa ha   10                sa                  
   
" hi               sat                      
 sa        
     sai                       
       
        
 sa ha   21                                   
 s  sat           
                s           
 hn                         
              
 t   sa  a 2   (                
     
        
 hn                                        n a                  
 t s a pu     
" h i  
    
  d   
 "               sa                    
  
 t             
 t   sa   " 
" he sa  a2  a     
 
   
       
   d         
 s anoo  2                                    s  sat            
 t               
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" no   
                             
      
 sa   
 "ha  
     

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 c xcc o                 
  s u      
 sa     
 
 he                                  
    
 t   h ak        d      
"   
t sea                                       
 d wan  o                                     t   
" sathaid    1                               
   
" a pl  
                 
        
          
 t    
s  
c han                 " h    
               
"he     
"he             sa                        
 l                     d c                   d s  " 
        d     s  "to                             sa         d          d s a h              sa             s        
 n t                s  "to   
    
   s   
        
 t   sa       
 t     s an 
"   " s   
       
 ha                                    n  h     
  
      hae                                      t   sa t                     d                
 sa   " "ner a (                           he                      
 t              
 sa    "hat                                h       
 wher                                        
 d s it   (                                    n  h     
  
      
 t  s  
  
    
 t   s  
c lho   (                                    
 sa     
" he  on                                        
 t   sat        
      
 sa           s         
 t    "  
c   
  
" his                               
        
 t s rat(  (                                    
 ha                        
           
  s un 
                             
  d     sho                
            
       
  sa h " 
  "h as      
 s r           
      
 t         
 t       
 t   sat       
  n l                               hn                                        s lhe    1                                   
 hn                         
              
 sa     
 sa    "hen                                       s an 
d th             h afai  
                  d s                sa  o           d       
  
"            
 s rat                                        hae                                      he                      
 t              
 sa    "hat                                n       
 sa     
 "he    
  
     
  s    
        
 t      
 t   sa     
 "h afee is  a   
                    
            d s i                  t    wh        
  
 s an 
d th                      
 t     w        
 t   sat                              
   s     
 ha                                    t   
" an 
" "ʹ whe  
     
  
                 s r           xc  
  
 s   
         
     
" anoo    1                                   
 t   c a per t                                      
 t    
" ha  
 he  a                 s  
                s a platt                                        t   
" alo               h   xc     
             
 t       
 t   s  
 t   
"n s  ou                                        d s i                  
 sa ha             "      
 h                
  he  a                 
"he    2r                  
"                    d s    
" ov                                      
 hn                         
              t  s    
    
 s     
" he  
"he            
               
          
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 h aft          
   
 sa                     
 t  xc a th   s  
 t hai  1                                     
  c han  o                                     s  he  o                 
 s                  d s    
 
 he     
   
 t    "      
 t        
     
 he                  
   
 ha                       
        
   
  sa h " 
 
"he         d              
      
  
     
 c un                                        
 sa    "hat                                h       
 c rat   (                                    t  qu   e                    
               d s    
    
 h al
                                       
 t    
" he  
he   
       d s                          ha                      s an 
             s a h  "  
t    
"he     " hno                                 
      
 t ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 wh           d         
           
 s    
"he   "  
 "h al              
           he           

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 d n               
       
   
      
 t   sat               t  "  
"h      
   c     
"he    
 "hea  0 1;                                 
 t   sas     
"he      
 c     
"    
         
 sa      
" he  o        
"            
       
      
  an 
d     
" ha  o                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
"      
 c   
 
       
 ha                                    h  an   "            t     c        
   s   
c upea                                       
 d s i              
 
c han                                        r l                    
 a p         
  
  s re­              s a h      
 ha                                    t   
" ano  o                                     a  h 
"he                                       
  r n   he          d c                                 
 t  " no                 ha                      s ren                                        t  s    
 t           hae                                      n a                  
 f her                                        hae                                      s rat   (3                                   
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  
 ha  
                
       
 t   s  
  
 sa ha 
            sa                        d c                   d s it                                        
" his                      
                 
 d s  ou   
        
 t  " w      
 t   c       
 sa     
 
"  
s a no     
  he   
        ha                                       
 hn                         
              
 t   sa  a 2   (                
     
        
 t   sa  a 
           s a      
     
        
  s sat   " "no                                hn                                        t   
"h 
""n             
  "  "    
  
 t     
    
 d s  "he                  
      
       
     
 t n h                  
 hn                         
              
 hn                     
   
              
 nd     
" he   o                     
       
      
 t    
 t s an 
"  " "no   
  
                       
  
      
 c rat   (                                    l  h                        
            
  ns    
" anor                                        t   
" wno                                        s rat   (2                                   t    s  
"he   
          d      
  c  s  
"o      
 t    "ha  
   1                  
  
 t  s     
 t   
 sa ha   1                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t.  
" "th a  h              s        
   g       
 t    "he     
  
 he                                 
     
 t  n a  
           
   
" ha            d        sh          
    
 n  
  
" t       
    s al   
      
 
  
  
"  
 
  
 
 
t h     s  wa ss lat   22                                   
 t   s an a   
     
 sa      
"he     2                                 
 t    s lhe    (                                   c  sat  a  ha          
     
      
         
     
" wher   
    
"h  h       
                  s ro                                        
 t s  ha  1 ;                 
        
        
  whe                d s    
       
  s    
" he s      
 hn                                        hae                                      n a                  
 t.  w  
    
 s    
" cl i                                      
 sa   
 
 
" plat    2                                   s an 
" " "ner   1                                    
 h h                   t  qu                    
 s an      
       
 s anoo                                        s rat   (0                                   s lhe    (                                   t  qu   e                    
               
 d s o         "       
 ha                                    t   sa t                     h                b        
"   
 
sh t    sho  r     
   
 h h                        s r        
      
 sat    "         
       
 t        
      
 sa ha   (1                                   ha                      d s                 sat      
     d s       
     

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 sa    "no  a                              t     sa h   
  
  pre:   (                                  d s  ou 
              
 t  xc       
         
 f  
 t  "her                                        d s o                   " ti h       
"        ha                                       
 d d    hn                 s                      l       be                                       
 t   c a sat i  
                  
  be                
   sho                      s a        
   
  
 t n  "   ".  
"he  o                           t         
  whe                         s     
" w    
" he  
t   "he    
 t     
           
     
 t       
 n 
  " "no    
  
"  
" ste                       
 ha                        d           w  sat  a sa         
  v    
                
    
 t  
  
 t   lhe                              t        
" in  af
  
           
       
 hn                                        l   
   
" ha                            s  w  sa   
 
" wha   " 
" a.  a he  
 
 
        
 t      
 sa      
     
 t,  ts id hi                                        hae                                      t  s    
" co         d s                    t  "        f  "  " to   
 hn                                        n a                  
 ha  1                     
               
  he  a  
"he   1      
  d s          d             s l   
   
"  
   
 t               
 w    
"he   
      
     
 t                     
 c an a       d       
  
  
         
 t    
 sno                                        c  sat    
"         
 t.t           d            
 t      
      
 t  lhe 1                                      
 hn                         
              
 d s a 0
         d       sh      
 c     
 
" he anowh             s  od                         
      
       
 d c    s  
n s    
"he   "    
          s an     
          
 t    
" ha   
 h   i  
 "    
 sa   "  
    
     
 h    
  whe                         
 t    "lh                 
"  
                   ghi |                    hae                                      d s    
 
"he     
   
 sa   "       d         
     
 hn                                        s rat  2(2                                   
    
 he   
  
 t             
 t               t  " who  " 
"he  o1                            
           t   
" no a  
    
  
 s r r                                        s an 
d th  o               s  
                  
  re­              
   
 sat               sat                      
 t         
     
 t  "he                                       
 r no                                    
   d c 
    " lat    (                                   sa     
" he          
 t an                         s        
  n  
" sat
  "h ho  o th                                       
 sa    "hat                                
       
 t  lhe 4                                      r l                    
" in         
  s  wn a                                      
 ha                        
           
  t.  a v   
"te " 
""gen 1 e       
                              d s    
 ha                sa                        
 s            
 t   sat          h                   
         
 t  ' h a hi   
  
 ns  so       
                                
 t  xc a san          d     s         
   x         
    
" no   
                 
        
         
 d s i              
 t h                 
 s un to                                        t   
 said                                        s lhe    (                                   t   
" al   
      whe            d                     
    
 c l  
      
" wher                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            s         
 hn                                        
 t   sa  o               r                    
   
 c         
   c an 
"  " sat a  
   
                               
 t  xc a l   
        s a ha                      
         t  s    
 t   
       s he  a                      
  f    
      
 sa     
  
 s al                         s     
        
 ha                                   

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       w   
 sho   
      
 sa     
      d s                        s a h 
 "lho  0                                     s a bone  
               
          t         
 t   sat a 1                                    h h     
     d      
" wher                    
 be                     
 l  
            
      
 t  za                                
   
  ha  a
 o                s   
             
 t   sa     
"he        
" h                          t   
 c hat                                       f  "g whe    
 "hea  (1:                                  d c                   s re  a                                      
  s an 
d th  he                                       
 sa   
 "he  o              h                d      
 sat                          
             
 d s a 1        
 t    
 sa      
"he                                       
 ha                        
           t  s    
 he                             t         
 he              
    
       
           
 t hu                                t       
 t h   sa  0       d                 
          t  s o      
          
 sa   "          s  o 
"  
  
"   "g   
  
t  s a ha  2                             
       
  t n   sa                                 
     
 t s a plat   (1                                   
    
 a pl                                        s rat   ((                                   he                      
"he                      he                      
 t              whe                                  
    
" he sas   11;                                       
 d ba                     s a               d s       
  c         
 t   s      he                             h         
 d n           sa              s        
               s sa to                             
          
 t   sa     
 hn                                        hae                                      whe          
              n        h    sho  al                                    
   
"he    
 "ho t                                      h  " sat                c     
"     
"         
 ha  1                                     
  s re­             g  he       
             
 n      h         
 ns r                             n          
 t   
 sa          t    s o   "hea   24                                   
 s rat  2                                     h  "  
 
"ner                                        t   
 sat                   
                    s re­           
  gn a                                      
 no                        
               
 ha                    
   s           
  pre 1                                      
 n a 
  
              
 
d             s r o   
  
"h     
  
   
         
     
  
 ben                                        he                      
 fne                                       
 c xc as th  he  on    1                                   
 ba                       
 c             
 bn            c          
 t              hae                                      he                      
 t  n           
 c ra                                      
 hn                                        d s i                  
 c 
wh       t   
 s a a t 
t a        
       
 d    
 s a p      
 al   
  
 s  
be     
        n           
   
         
 t  x cl               
  
   
       
   s b   
" wher                       
 l                     d s    
     
     sa h   
  
         
 t s  a pu   
         c r                       
        
 c    mold                                        h  " sat                s     
      
          
 d s    
 
  
  
.  bat                                        c  rat    2                                   s lh    1                                   r n                d sn   "         d      
"          
    
 hn                                        
 d l                       
            
   whe                                 t     sat  o                                     s  he  o                 
"                  wh a sayl                  t                     
 sa     
 ha                 

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 ha                        
           
  l ha   :                                   s lhe    2                                   
 ha                        t           
  he  a        d            d c                 
 d   s  b       m s r sin  o                                l       hae                                      he                      
" c w           
 snoo                                        d s    
 for                                       
 snat  2;                 s                  d s    
 
 s  "    
" al    
       s  a n           s          h  
sat                                       l      c he  "h      
       
              d      
   d s a he                             
 t       
 ha                                    l  h                        n            
  "ge  
      
 s  s     
 t  s        
     t l                                        s lhe    2 (                                 
" w he     (              
"                  c a l   "he  a 1 1   t      
          
           
  d s a   
  
  c    wa n 
              
 b    s l    
         d  a               
 
    
"        
 hn                                        t  s    
 h he                                       
 sa     
 sa   " 
"l on                                        d s i                  
 n l                                        
 t, wn t                                      h  "  "sa  fo                                        
 d c   
" no a  "  
" he  
      
 d s a           d  a                       
 wh      
"h i " a ha  
                  
"         
  r    
  
  f  an     
 
s  wa     
"lhe   ho  
 1                                   
 t   whex   
"he                sa                     
" who             d       
" h    " sh       hae                                      s rat   (2                                   
    f on  
                                     s lhe    1                                   
" h al   
 sa  a  
wa  ove                                      
 t s on                
"                      
"he   1                   n a              r  
l                  s art                 
 pe                   
 d s i             
" yparne              d       
             
  c rat   1                                    
"h in   
     
  l          
    
           
 ns r          
"                 h          
 hn                                        a ra     
           d s            d        
"   
      
 r                           
            l   
   
"           
 s an 
b            d      
"      
 c          
 c xp on           "       
 r                                        n  h     
  
      t  "he                                
      l a 
        d             d          
  s re  o                                     d  h a th  "h       
 hn                                        
 hn                         
              t    sa  
     
        
 t   s      
 b       sa  o             s          
           
 s an 
dou  
        
 sn                    t    w      
 n     
 t    
 c l                          n       
    
 c ha  a hoo  
        
                            
 t c   sho        
 ha                                    h  an   "           f   
"he        
   xc  s   th   
  
"           
          t         
 r no                                   
   v re:                              
   
   
"he   al                                  t    s  
t the                                       
 sa    "lho ( :          
                       n a 
  "  
  
"      
 t   sa             
 sa           h          
 whe         
  s  w l                         d              s lhe                                       
 no                        
               f   
"no  o                                     he                      
 t  n           
 sa   " 
 "he   "h h 
   
" t 
           d           l        
   
 t    
 t s  a p        
  ftr                                        be(                       
              
 sa ha   ;0             
 d s                 wh ha                   

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 ns r            
               h          
 l                    b       
     
      
 sa ha   1                                    f   
" no   
   
" he                            c  s  
    
 snoo                                        s a ho   
    
  t  s                 t       y ro                                        t  " t  " wn a     
  
 t   
" an        
          hae                                      
" his                      
                 t    h aft       
 r                                        n a                  
 s an 
"     
"he   1 2                        b          
  
      he  o                     
                d s    
   
 s w  
no   "he                                
      
 t  s  
" he sat   22  (                                
 t  s  
"te "  " 
" "in  af
 
" 
     
   
        
 ns        
   s  be  o       
  
     s         
 c h      
" ho   
  
 "he    
    
 s           
     t s la    (                                  l a                     
 f          
   s lhe    2                                   f    
"he   o    
  
            d s             d     s   "        
"  
 " alae   (                                   t  qu   e                    
               
 sa   "an a  
        ha  a                                     
 sa   " 
"l in    1ʹ         
        
              s ro                                        
 ha                        
           
  sa ha   :                 t          
      
 bt                                        l   
   
"he                             h  c       ha         sa                            
          t  " wn a                     d                bs         t            
 sa              sa  o            
        
 h            
"e an ian    
   v ro   1                               
   ver     2                               
  be                    
 t n          p   
 roo                                        sa  o                   d s a            d    
   
" l      t    s an i      
    l a                           p 
  
 sa  
"he     
 s ro                                        c a he a a
 (        s       
       
 a      
 w he                                       
 no                        
               
 d c   w  reo                                        
 sa   
 "ho  o                                     n  h     
  
      f  " sen   
      
   x  can a                              
 hn                         
              
 t   ban                                        t  s    
 he                             a         
 nd a 
                 
  
 h       
     
 al    
  whe                
       n      r      
"he   2 1 a                                s a w  h s a he    ;0   
 
 f   
"           
        
 ha                                    l   
   
"he                               h       whe                   .  p           d         
" wh    
   
  ", lhe ( 2:                                   a ha  
                  
"he          
           b ra                                       
 n t  w s
                
             c   r    
 he         an      "           t            
 c ra                                      
 t   gho                                        s rat   (2                                   sa     
 t            t  h               d  a   
  "h     
 n  
"  
"ho                            
 n a                     
 wh        
  s uno                              s        
 snoe                                       
 c xcc n               sa                       
 r                     s al   
           
" no   2                                    
 f  "h agt   10                                  s al    
 he                                       
 c xc eacita a    ho   
"    
      f               
       
 sa ha   (0                                   
 t  c  s               
"he         
  "      
  an o                sa ha                    
 t                
 t.  
"hea  1                                     
  s re­            sa           d                           
 sa   ""lho  2:      

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 whe       
 d ca  2                                
    
  c wa s on    1                                   
"he                     
" a             t   
" an a  
  , "w     
   
 s on                           n i                   he a               s     
 c r            she     
  f                t              hae                                      d c                   d s o                   he  oo                                        t   
" no   "     
" he         
                n i                 
 t  
 t         t   s and  he    ;                       ha                      s rat                                        s an 
d tha 3               
                     t  n     
     
         
 sa            c    sat                "  
t f
 ha                                    t    c  "hea  
    
 t   sa  2                       a    n        
  f  
" ov                                       
" in  he   2                                    
 m c  c sat         
                        h     
"hea  11)                                       
 t  que                                       
 hn                         t              s lhe 
                                      d s    
 " sat    
  "he                   "  
           c    c agte  (                                     
 no                        
               t   
 c hat                                        
 l            
         t  "' a     
     d po                                        c  rat    :                                   s a sho  i    
 t   
          
      an       
  sat                                        hae                                      t   
 said                                        d s i                  
 sa ha                    
 w                
 t c   s  "c 
 sat  an     ­.                            
   s an 
d th            
  t h       c              d c     
               t n                    
 c an         
  m ha  
                     
              c had                                      n  i  a  
              s a h a       d     s  
c in  a      
 f     
"   
"he  
              s a ha   
   
         h   gn                                        f  he  a he s    ;                  
             t   
 said                                        hae                                      he                      
 t              t   sat                   
"          
  s     
 f  
n to                                        hae                                      s al  
  t          t   
 t          s      
s a  "n a 
       t         h h                w c bo wa                                       
 nsr ha                                       
 n s o  the              s                        h  ." sait   o                                    
 h ha                                       
 fne                                       
 t  l a 1                                 w    
 
" sat   
              c i       
 w  "      
 and  
                    
   be                    
 sa ha                    
 c                 c  murt                                       t   
 sat                   
                     ns a sad                                  
   x sho   
  
  ha                                   
   ".  
"no                                        d s i                  
 c and       
   z e                                 
 s  anoo  a                                    t  s    
 sno                            t           he              s    
       
           d s   he                             
         h  
"lan te  2 ;                                d  a  ac               s uan                                        t  n                     
 snot                                        
 he                       p 
 o           d s               s    
     
     
s  h 
 
 "h afin 
 o         o           s   f          
 d s i                     
              
 n c     
 ha                                    h  rat                                        t  s ev a ml             
                          y  

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       t  n     a he              c              t         s rat  ;                                     
" a no                             
          s ren  2:                                   s are    1                         s     
 in   
 
 "he          
" he  o       s   cn  u                     d      
        
  s re­                w        
 d         
 whe         
  f  b 
n   
           b     
  
s  
     
   s re    2                                   hae                                      r l                    
 r                t h  h  
" s              d           d       xce    
 t     
 h      al              t  n                  
   c a hi                              
" r      
  
         whe                                  
    
 f  
se  "to                       ha                      s al              
 t.  
"           t      
", bno  9                                c    as th   
he  a     " pla 1   (                     
            
 d ma                      d                
 n r                                        
 hn                         
              
 mac                  
 t m              h ha                        t              f  wn 
     
 t   h                          
 ha                        t           s  sat            
       
         s a       
 he                            c          
 hn                                        d c                   f   
t c      
    " 
when                                        hae                                      he                      d ca 2                      t         
  s us han a 
  
    
 ha                                    n  h     
  
      s al   
 h i                                      
 t n h        l   
       l           
                s        
  mar                                   
  w c and en  2                                     
  s al   
       
" whe    "  
    
" n 
     
 he                                       
 t  xc a 
" al            w   " 
     
   d           
 t s an a                 
 ba                       
 d             
 hn             x           n              
 be                      
t               
 sa    h 
  
    "der                                        
 c han l                                        r l                    
"he                       
 r                     
 sa   "           n s         d   s    1    
h a  
  
  
"   
    h af   
                  
  c al l                                        o   
 roo                                         hae                                      s sa to              n o            he                          
            whe                         h        
    
"he         
     
       
s               ha            t          be                   
" o   
            s a m," sat  o             s     
     
     
     
s  wr a                                     
 t.  pp a 
 
 " sat           
 p              s  
sa      
   
 t   sa       
  r         
 sa   
  
       s   
."  
  
t   
" a p  andr i           
 t         c             t   
" pus
 ;0             s a a    
n   
        
 snot                                        hae                                      t  an                   sho  
            s       
 snoo                                        
 wher                                        hae                                      
"he   ~                  
" i              f   
" ago  1                                    
  l f                         t            c ha  o             d                      
 d wa  
 in    "         hae                                      d s  ou 
              
" his                   n  o                 "ner  2                                     sa  o                   r le                                       
 l            
        t  s a h                s roo                                        s an 
d the                 "  
                  
 an 
i  
 "he    0                      h     zap                                      y a 
" n 
"        
" he  o       
               m 

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                        
  and a  
  "he          s a  
         
    j   
     
 sat  o                                     d    
"lhe  o1                                        l   
   
" sat          d s                                
d s    1                sa                 
    
 en             s iat    z   t      
               
       
s a  sho  in                                    h   "was  ha  
sho                                     t  n     a he                             h    
    t  he          hae                                      t   
who    :                       
t          
"he   a           d                        
 r n                    c ra             
                   
     
"he  o                    
 d              
  t n   " sai  c         
 t.     
    
   
 r      
" pre   2                                   t  s   ha  0                             f      d s    
"no  o                                    l   
   
" in           d                n  h        
 s   h he                                       
  c ha  a
" 
          h  h                   
   t        
"   
t he                               h       
 t ns    
"he    
   "h  ;           w               
 c a he  
n   
cl  1                                     d  hat                                        d s e                 d   s a        
    n    
  
"      
 r                              i         t   sat            
                  h  a     
s o sa 
 
"l and ai                                     
  d c   
" lit    (                                   
 ghi e  1 0                                 
 t  s  ha          d            
         t     p 
he  on   1                                    
"h in   
     
  ns       
" h  earo                                        n a                  
 l   
         r        
   h       c     
         wh  
            s   
s  lhe     1                                  
 er     
" sa           y a                s    
   
" hne                              g        
 t s  he                                       
 fl 
                                      
  l i                                  
   .  "n an   0;                               s eol       
"          h                    
 t   c hea  
  s   
 l a 
                          he                      
 l t                     
" no                      as                sa                s     
 nd             
 for           d    
"    
                 
 l   
     s  
 l    
  
c i  
     
     s anor 
                          n           
 r       
  re­                          
      
    
 hn                                        d ca                       
         
 m p  an 
 "  ""her a   ( )                                h    t s rat&  0                                    
 sa ha   0               s a                d c           sa        
           
                  n a 
     h         "ha  
  
       d s                        t    k   he   "   
"lhi            
 d             c an         d c                      be                      
 sa              "fno he                                       
 d c    he   
  
 whe      
        t                a r        hae                                      hae                                      hae                                      
 t    
" hi  
" he  on                                        a re                   r ce                                     h  " in  i           re                                       
 c xc h 
" a sat   
 "l    
t         
    w   
        b a                                   
  
" plat    (                                   
 wn                
       
               
 r n                 t  n s                   
"he            
         
 wh             c    c i    "       
 s    
ghis    1                                   
 no                        
               d s o                   
 whe          s a h    
     
        
     r noo                                        hae                                      hae                                      
 sa   
 "me  
    

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       
 t d  " cen            
  "m a           
  
    a mr     d   s       
 n s           d       "he   a       
          
 h  i            d      ","  "h        w  mn a                                      he                      
 hha                       t  w            m  an         c rat                                        h ha                        r                      
 t           r               sa a 2                   
 sn             t   wn a                                      
 c  le 4  (                                 
 no                        
               
 d s i                 
t                 
 d c   
 do    l   
  
           
 t                   t ti "     d a    
    
 wh  o                              
 d    "h aft     "co  o                                     he                      
"he                      p 
a             be                         an            
  s rat   ((                                   
  ha  a                    
  ns       
    pol                                        d s a  
              "ho   o                  
  wn                        
     
         l   
    
 he                               h       
"he   o              t   
    
            
 t   wn a                                      
 d fe                                       
 fno                    
 d               d s    
    
 t s  he                                       
 he                       t   p           
 d ha                                       
"hat
  1                                   
 m zae                                       d c                   be   
          d          wa            t   n     "   
 
 bs  a l  
 d s         
 s rat                                        d ha                                       
 tc   was lat    1                                   
 wh a  
           
g a 1    
     c       
" t b     
"de                                       
 n ha                                   
   s al    t      "k   hn                                        he                      he  o                    s re              
                        
 t s  
 t s a bando                                        d c                   w l t                     
 l t                     
 
c             t  qu                 o    " be      "       
 ha                                    f  sho  o        
 sa   "    
  r                        n   
  f  
" l  ha                                       
 mac­               ."  
he             d     "ha          
       
 an 
d t              
" ow             d            "h aft       
 sa     " mn                           s    
"he      " st   
        s an 
 i          l                                     
  he  a   
 t   "       
 c ra                                  
    
"he   o                  
                 wn                         
              w  c  " mr r                                        sa  o                   
 sat             o     
   x b               
 h i   
  
   wher:                                       n  h     
 he                       
 d             d s    
 t th  fo                                        o   "" sat    1         
  wa  h           s      
 t.    
  f  c    
  he  o                                
    
" in s  oute                                       
"he   0                  
s a             d c        t.              t        
 f  h    " re      ~                                he                      nea  o                                    
 t s rat6   :                                   s ro                                        r n                c  ben0                                       d c                   f  hn                                        y a l    
" 
        
 t tr a                                      
   y an         sa          d               f            d   a  "" s an  
          d             k     
     
t   
  l  r                                     t  r ­                  
" plo                     
 s                d c        d s          r              

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"'s very simple," said ford, "my client, "
's very simple," said ford, "my client,                                       sa     
 t            
 ha                        
           
  bat                       w                s an 
" ano  
      " h      
        d        d   sat    "       
        r l                      o                 
" the   "d        x       
 t                a    asho  
  
  
  he     
  d h                
 wh a  
      "   
t   
"lhon                                        he                      f  
"h            n   
  c a pen  
   
      
 t    
d gl                                       
 hn                                          r n                d   h 
s          d      
"on h                                      
 t s rat   :                                   h  wa  s b          d ce                                
 p s  "roo                                        t  ou                                        d s o                   
"he                      d s              sa                k       
"              hae                                      n r                    ghi                        s               f   
gnr%  
 /                                  in     
" cl 1                                      s lhe    ( :                                 
" l t                    
 hh                        ha                      n a 
                r co                                        b       s sat           d      s      
    b         
" no   
              
                     wo  
    
     t     t oo                                      be                    
 c ra                                       
 sa   "he  
  (         
 ro                                        y  s  
"ol                                   d    h y a o     
 wh        "'    
"he      
   t  h ha                          
            be6                  wha                         
             n a         "    s o  "  
 "  
    
 t   
 ns  i  " ber  2                                     bn                     
 gno                                        he                      d wa                  
 hn                        
 h            b r                        c              
 d  s  " she f         h  gl                                        n a  
                 f on                                        t  ou                                        p 
sat  
ha                                      
  por o                                      
 ds or ­                ",                  d c                
"he   o                   
"l              hae                                      
 c xplat                                        he                      
 t nx            hae                                      d ha                                       
" wher   
          d c                                 n    
 wn 
              
 c                     r d            s     f  an o         
  x  for              k     
     
             
 d s      
   s sat   "   
"      
  
        
 wh         hae                                      
 hn                         
              he                      sat                   
"he                      he                      
d lo                                        s on   o             s               d      
"l ag to                                        t   n " whe    
 "no  o       
                            
 t s  whe    h 
           
 s                   
 n  ",  ha   ­  
    " til          
 h af a                                      
 t art   0                                    hae                                      s sat   "ro (                                      whe          
              t        
    p t 
  
"per                                        f   
d ca 2                         t  "    
  
"hat  22                                    
   whe                                 ha                      in                    o  "sa                   
 t s           s   
s re                           y           
 hn                         a              p o     
  c her             n                  t       
d ha                        
-----------------------------------Iteration 9
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" wher   
 he                    
                  
 sa ha   (                
 t                 
 sa   
 "he  o  : 1                        
 sa     
  
 s an 
d th  ­  h            s   
 sa             d             
 sat       
 s a 1qro                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 t   sa     
 "hea  ( 2                                   hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
 t   
"he     "  
"                sa           d        " cl a                             s a      
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 t       
 t   s and a th  h    
  
"  
" a put                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 sa h         d       
     "   
          
 sa     
  
 s an 
d th                  "   
 
     
        
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0:                                  
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa  a 1              d           d        sh t       
 sa           d               
   
    
  
 t  s  
"he   
  "he   1(  h   
"   
     
           
     
 t  
  
" he  
" "ter   
  
 t   
  "he             
        
 sa   
    
    s bat                         
   s  
       
 t   sat                      
       
   
     
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 s           
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
" he         
        
 t       
 t   s     
 t   sat a 2                         
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 s           
 t   sas      
"  
"   
" h   " sat   h 
        
 s ra                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     sh              d s                       
 t      
 t   s an 
" "te     
  d s                   
          
 t   s a he  
              s  
 t  " sa   
       
  s   
"he    
    
  sa     
  
 s an 
d         
  d s                 
       
    
 t  
  
 s an 
d th  o                                     he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
" he sat    (;                                  hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "l a   
  
"   " w     
 t       
 t      
 t   sat       
  d s       
                      
 sa ha   ( (               
                  
 sa ha   (                
 s                 d s      
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 t       
 t   s and a th  h    
" he   
   
                    
    
      
 t   sat         
        
 t         
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 s           
 t    
" he sas   ((;                 
 
              
 sa     
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
 t   
" anor                                        hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" he sat   1(                  
                d s    
   
 t    s an 
" " "l      
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
 t   
" anor                                        hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sat        
     
  sa           d            d   s a   
         
 t   s an      
" h i   "  
"he       
      
        
     
 t       
 t   sat      
" he                                 
   

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
 t  
  
 sa ha 0 ((    
  d s               "        
 ha  1                                     
  s an 
d th  he                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"    
 
       
 ha                                    h  an   "           d c                          d      
" h a hore  2                                     sa  o                   he  a                    sa  o                   he  a                    sa  o                   he  a                    sa  o                   he  a                    sa  o                   he  a                    
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
" he sat    (;                                  he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
"he   
    
"           
 ha                         d          d   s  
t the                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t th  er     (                              
   
 t ns   
"he  on     (                                  
 t    
" ha  
 he  a                 s  
                s a ho   
           
     
   
      
       
 sa   
 "he  o                 
             
     
" he sa 
   " the       
 s a                  s an       
 d s i                           s l     
   
   
 t s anor                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x c co the                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
  
 t   sat     "h as     
    
       
 s         
 t       
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;:                                  
 sa    "hat                                h       
 wher                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                  d     "h aft  
    " "he s an   
 "  
  
" w       
 t    
       
  s al   
   x   
" he  
  
       
 sa h     
  d s                              
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 sa      "h a p th         
 t    "        
 t            
 t   sas       
 "he   "      
 sa              s  "g  h    
 sa               
             
  s   
  
 t  s a he           d              
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
 t   
       
        
 t       
 t   sat      
  sa          
"                  sai        
        
    
 t               
 sa ha   (          
     
"                   sa  o            
 sa     
              sa  o      
            
 sa              sa  o            
        
 t            
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
" he         
        
 t  s    
" he       
 sa   " 
  
 s  a   
s   
"       
    
  s an 
d th  
  
    
  s rat   (                                    t  " sat               
                        
 t    
" he  
"he  o                         
           
  s un'  200                                  
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
 he                                  
    
 
d s    2               d                 
 t  
  "'le                                 
     
 t   sa     
  
" he  a ho  (  
     
       
" w ha                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 t     
" he  
"he  o  o                      
              
  s al        
  
 
"he  u10      
                            h    sho ha                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                  d     "h aft  
    " "he s al            
            
   s          
 t    
" he  
"he  

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      s lhe    1                                   
 t   sas     
 " w     
"    
 he                               
       
 t   sa     
  
"  
"he    
  
 t     
       
 t   sa         
 sa                  
       
    
    
  
"he   
                  
    
     
     
 hn                                        
 hn                         
              s al        d lʹ                                 s    
" his                                        t   
" sathaid    1                               h    
"  
"he    
 
 t   
 sa ha  ((;    
               s             
 sa   "  
" wher                          
 t           
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s rat  2                                     sa  o                   he  a                    sn se             s    
"he                      
 t   sa           d     s   
      
          
 t    "'le                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t        
 t   sat       
   
 t s an 
h                  sho                       he                      
 t              he                    
   
"he           
 sa      "   
  
           
 c   sa   
  "he    ( 
  
  
 d    s  
"h         
     
 t n   
  a p whe       
  d s                              
 t   s a he              d     "he     "h           d       
 sa          d s                                
 t   s an 
"  " "ge  "d to  1                                     
  s re­             sa          h              
             
 sa   " sa hat   he sa  
 th               
                   
    
 
d s    1               s                 h ha                        t              
 hn                         
              
 t    
" ha  
 he   o                
" h                sa  ʹ  
"no                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x c co the                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t        
 hn                                        t   
" an 
" "ʹ whe  
     
  
                 
 t        
 sa ha   : (                                 s a pla  1                                     
  s al   
       
 t  
  "hea                                       
 d s i              
 
 sho               
 t  
 t s        
   x  
sa ha  
"ge   "  
"h
   : li                                        t   
"  
sa ha   
  
   " co he                      
        
       
 sa   
 "he  o                 
             
     
" l and  
                                     
 hn                         
              
 t    
" he  
"he  o                         
           
  l ha   :                                   hae                                      he                      
 hn                         
              t   
 sat                   
                    
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s anoo                    
                   
 d s i              
 
"he                s a he  
                 
"   
      
       
 t   sa     
  
" he  a  h  
   
     
       
 t   sa      
  
  re                        
      
       
 sa   
 "he  oo                                        hae                                      s rat   (3                                   
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t s a nd ha                                       
 d s i              
 
 sho               
 t  
 t s        
   x  
c a no        
     
        
  s  
          
 sa   " "he  oo                            s           
 t    "he      
     
 s a  c l      
 sa        
 sa                        h  
   
    
  f  "ner   1                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 ha                                    h  an   "           d c                          d      
" h a proo                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 hn                                        
 t   sas     

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      s lhe    1                                   
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s re                
                      hae                                      he                      
 t              c rat                                        
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 c l a  a  
                               
 sa     
"he   2 2                     
            s r s    
            s s                  
 sai                       
                
 d s i  o                                 h   
" til   "hea  o    (                               
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t   sa     
 t    
 c and      
     h        
 t   s   
 t      
" his                                        
 d s i              
 sa ha               "    
"                 s a he  
              
  
"   
      
       
 sa ha   (                                    hae                                      t   
 sat                   
                    hae                                      t   
" sathaid    1                               s   
" l a he  
                   
  w              
 c xc 
"san a                                
     
 t   sa     
  
" t th  " " "l  " s   "       
 d s a h       
       
 t   sa     
   
 t   s an 
" " " t   
       d s                     
    
  
  
 sai              
              s  w       
 ha                                    t   
" an 
" "ʹ "he p a sat  a   
 
t           s ro                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     she             
    
"       
           
 sa ha                      
                
 t   sa  a 2              s     
     
        
 wh  a 
  
 "hea   0(                 
    
           
 t   sa   " 
"he                "     
       
 t      
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s rat     (                                  
 t    
" he  
"he  o                         d           
  s an 
d ha                                       
 d s i              
 
"."                
 t  s an 
" "te      
   
 s a           
  h  sa     
  
" h a  
" wher                      
                 
 t  xc a 
" "ter     
   
 t          
   
 t           
 sa ha   (                  
                 
 c xc at to                                h       
 t  s  
" wher     (                                  
 t    
 san te                                     
 sa    "ha  
  
 "h   
 t ha                      
 s              
 sa     
" sat  a   
 
      
    
    
   
 h a      
 sa     
 "hat
                            d s       
 s     
"he   
                                   
 sa ha   ((                
"                   
 sat         
 sa          d                
   
    
  
 t  
 t    s  n 
"   
" he  a pol   ((                                   he                      
 t              s rat   0                                    
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s on   
       
 s r              
         
 t   sa        
 ha                                    h  an   "            t     sh       
   s   
c uno  
                                     
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t  s  
he                            
   
      
 ha                                    s  c wa co                                        hae                                      
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     d     
         
 t s r     
" he  
"he  
                       t            
 sa     
 t   
" for t 1                  t                  
 sa     
" sat   
   
      he             
"         
 t    "       
 ha                                    t  " sat               
                        
 hn                         
              
 t   sa  a 1                          
        
  s an 
d th  
    
"  
" whe        
  d  a        d co                                   
    
 t   
" he  on                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     she             
    
"       
           
 t  xc a 
" "ter             d            s a           
 sa   " 
  
 
 t   

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      d s i                  
 t  n        
   x s he  a sat   o                                    
 c xc a pro   
  " sat  o             s    
                  
  ns   a d s               
      
    
    
   
 t n h       
   
 ha              
                 s   
  
" al    
" he  on    2                                   hae                                      he                      
 sa              sa  o            
        
 t            
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "hea  (1:                                  s a  
gnoo                                        d s i                  
 t  s        
   s l th                                        whe          
              t        
    
 
d s    2                                 h ha                        
               
 sa ha   ( (           "   
"                 c a l    
 t   
 s an 
  
" "p      
" h     "h ha  he  a h  
  
"        
                   t    sa ha(                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 nd a                    
           
     
 whe                
 d        
      
    
 t   
" ano  o                                     he                      
 sa             sa                         
             t   
 sat                 s a                    
 sa   
 "he  on                                        
 hn                         
              
 d s i  2ʹ              s a              s   
s al  
   
"he            
                  
      
" wher   
               h h                  t  s a  
               
 t s            
  sa   
   
   xc  
   
 t   
    
 wh      
 t    c a h     
" n  
" he                 
" w          
 s     
" col                                        
 t    
" ha  
 he  a                 s  
                s an 
" "th   
 " sa was gd t         d     s         
            
 t   sa     
 "h o  "  
  
   
 c r   
        
 wher                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     she             
    
"       
           t    s re                   
 h                 c  sat    "he 
 he                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  ns  
"th ae       
 s h                       
  ver                                     
  s un                                
 c     
" he  
 
 
 n t  a tha                        
 sa     
     
 hn                                        t   
" he who  e:          d                        
  ns  s   "   
 t   
 hne                         d             s an 
d th  ¹"  
   
   
 t   s     
   
        
 d s    
 
" he  
"s a sad a  "   "hea                              d        s  h ha   1                                    
 t ns   
 "he         
 sa            s      
" h    
   
    
  f  
"he    
  
" he  a  ha   
  
    
         
  d s      
     s re­                            
         
 whe      
  
   
 s   
 he                        s  c  
s       
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
"he                                 t     sat  o                                     t   
 sat                   
                    s a ml   "he   o                                    
 h h                   d s o                   
 sa h                    
 sa              s  "wht      
        t  
   
"    
"he                 
             t       
" t is  the    
" an a  ha                               
       
 sa    "hea  11;                                       
 t    
" his                         h              he                        
 c            
 sa   " satha   1;                                   
 s rat  2                                     sa  o                   he  a                    sn se                  
 sa          d        
" his                                        
 t   sas     
 " h     
 s   
 
she            t     s    
 sa h    
      t  n     
     
             
 s         
  ns  a 
"the  1                                     
  s an 
dou a                                 
    
 
c rat   (                         

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      whe          
              
        
    
 
d s    2                                 h ha                        t              
 ns r t                                     
  gn a                                      
 sa ha   ((                
"                 hae                                      s lhe    2                                   hae                                      t   sa  o                    
               
 d ha                                       
 d s it   (                                    he                      
 t              c rat                                        t   
" sathaid     0:                             h   c hat                                        
 hn                         
              he                      t  an                   
"he             h       
"he                  
 
d     
           
" ov                                       
 d wn                                        
 c xc as the  ou 
    
              
 s                
 sa     
 
 t   sat a    (                                 
 ha                        
           
  d wh a                   
  
       
 ns    
"ha  
 o      
  
 h a                     
 t   sas         
      he      
"    
         
 sa     
        hae                                      he                      
 sa h                    
 t               
 n s o   
" wher   
                                    d s i                  
" his              d       
                 
 t.  
" "tep     
 t    s an 
             
        
 t   s an 
 "  
" sat   o            d                       
 t nv                   
                   
 t n   
  wn a                                      
 d s it   (                                    whe          
              d        s    
 no                                        d s i                  
 t  s        
   r  i  
    
  s us   "  
  
" t    "h   
   
 t   c a     
" to   
" " he    
 sa ha 
     
               f                s a ha  o  2                                 
   
  
s an a   
  " said    
 " sath                                        s lhe    1                                   
 t   sas     " " s     
 h   s an   
 
       
 d s i                       
 s          
 h i  
  
  d     
  
" h     
             he                         
 t           
 r no                                    
   
 c 
"n h  o                                     n  h     
  
      f  he  a h 
    
  
  
  whe                             d  a      
 t s    
"he    
  "      
 c a  h ag
 o            
                        s  wan ajt     
    
 t       
     
            whe                         d        
    c rat                                       
 sa   
 "ho  o                                     he                      
 t s            
 sa   "  
"he   2           s              
 t       
 s and a    
" he sa t a            
         
             
 t    
" p ove   1                                  h ha                        n              
 t    
 sa     
   
 sa   
 "he  o                     
         
     
" hin  o                                     wh a  
     
 t    w    
" wher                                        t   
" he a
" ml          s                             hae                                      he                      
"he                      he                      
 t              
 hn                  s      
              t  " sat         
   xc                         
 c xc han     h        d      
        
         
 sa     
 he   o                                    
 h h                   d s i                 
" wher      
 s    
  
 sa                    
 ha                        
           
  s un'  1 (                                  t   
 said                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x c co the                                       
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 c       
 whe               
 sa   
 "         d    
  
"he    1           d               d      
 c  sat                      

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      s an 
d th               
 and a                     
"        
      
 sa   
"ge i   1                                 t  d s                    
 d            
  d s  ou t                h            
        
 hn                                        he                      
 san             
        
 t               
 sa   
 "ho  
              s          
      
    f  
ghi  0                                     he                      
 t              t  s       
" al t                                      n a                  
 t s a p     
" he   
""goi   
    
  a                            
 l       
    "         
 t         
     
 sa ha   2                 he                      
 sa              sa  o            
        
 r              
      
" he              s  on   
                                    t   
 c han   1          s   
t                    
t   
 sat                  
                     p 
ov                                      
 fne                                       
 d s a  
 
  
" he sas   13                    
 t           
 s anor                                      
 l   
                  t  qu                    
 c a       
       
 t s a he s    (;                                
 t   sat        
      
 t            s         
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 r no                                    
   t n    s a per 
                                      s re­              s a h                  
 c h fe      
"       
 t                     
 t  s  
sa          
    
 sa ha   (               
 t                   d s    
  
"  
  
t  "go  o                                     ha                      s rat                                        t   
 sat                   
                    s an 
d th       
   
 t s r         
  
              
            
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 h afae    he                    s                  s an 
" "he  "to 1                                    
"  t  
"he    2     
 t   
        
            
 sa h                    
 n               c h "n       
     
     
 m                  n   
  " l a 
      
 nd a                        
       
     whe             s         
 h h             
            r                    
 t  s          
   s lhe    2                                   hae                                      t  an                   
 san  
          h  
"     
                
  ghi  0                      h              
 c xc lat   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t s            
 t  xc a t  "h i   
       d       
  
   s l         
      
  d s  ou  he                         h             
 t   sas          
 t     x   
 
 
   
 h       
 t s a he   
 "no      !                      
 s     
s a he a                                      
  s al  ha  o                                    
 l            
        d ca                                 hae                                      be                    
 sa h             s      
 t               
 sa     
 
 pe      
   'c    
        s    
 f        
    
 t   sa  o                       
    
       
 h ha                                       
 l            
        s rat  (                                     l   
   
" sat          d                  
  f       
" 
she  a ho  
                 
 t   s             
 ha  2            s i      
"              
  s ust                                        c  sat    " "d       
 t nv                                       
 sa ha   2                hn                                        
 d ha                                       
 wher                                        s rat   (;                                   t   
 sat                   
                    l   
   
"      
  n    
 t  
           
      
 t   sa  a 2  
        t  "           l              
   ver a4                                     
 t   sat        
      
 d            
         
 ha                                    t   
" ano  o     

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      s rat   (2                                   an   
he  a th afat  01                                    c r s                   
 s               n   
  t    s an a   
"  "n           d      
  be  h     
 "     
   d   s          d       s  "be  a  
  
   
"   
 
 
 she              sa  o                    
 t             
 r n                     d c             
     
" l a l      
          
 d h                  f   
" sat   
    
             
 c ha            hae                                      s lhe    2                                   s ra   
2          
 nd  a 1                             
     
  
 snot                                        t   
" lat                                        s a ho   
    
 t   
"                
       
 r no                                    
   t p  " and  
  " the   " "t th             sa       
"                ha                    
  ghi                                        
 wher                                        d c                   d s a hi                                        
 d c   
" en l                                        t   sa t                     d                
 t   sa     
 "he 
     
   z e                                 s r   
" mn           d s                          n     
 c   
 
 
" no   
    
     
 c r n                                     t   
" no   "     
  
 t       
"  
c a          
 sa   " 
  
  d s          t           
  c rat   1                                    t   sat                  
 n          h  e     
 t  xc  t     
 s         
    
  whe                s a s d t      "' o    
 ha                                    
  s un                                
 t     
"he          
 t s   "      
  b         
 wher                                        
 sa ha   22                c                  s a  
lat    (                                   
 c  s ba                  t               
    s co   
    
"  s   
"ha  o  1                                 
   
  sa h 
" "l   2:     
 s re                                       
 sa ha   ((                
"                  t     
"he   o        ha        
                              he                      
 t a            
 d t   "h ha   
 h  
  
      
 s     
     
       
  t  
 sat                             d          d s  ou   
  
       
 nd            
 s       
 sa     
 hn                                        s lhe    (                                   
 hn                         
              
 rat                                        
 t   r n    
"he     
   d       
       
  s  
        
 d s i   
                    n   
       
 n t  a to0  2;   
      
  d         w l t                                      r l                    
" t          d     
"hea  0                  
 
               d s    
      
 s anoe                                   s   
"he   
  
"he   2                             t      
"h afee e sath0              c                        
 t  s  
"ge  h                       
   x   
    
" ov  o                                   
 sa ha   :2                hn                                        c  sat  a sen                s                
      
" a hoo  ( ;                                   
 wn                         h              
 t   sat         
 s a   
            h         
  t c   sa ha 
 1  
       d               d         
 t th ae                                    he                      
 r             .c un                                        t    lhe                                      t  p a 
  
"n          , co   
          d    
       
 t   sa     
   
   gho                                        a pla21                                     
  ns  a 
"te    
 n       x l          d             d  a     
   
  t fa to                                        s al   he                                       
 wher                                        d s a  
              
" l ast                                        s lhe    1                                   
 sa ha   ((                
"                 hae                

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      d s i                  "he                 
 sai    "                  wh                do   
 ns        
 d    s  "he       
    
 sa     
 
"he   2                        t     "     
 s ac a  
     
   " he     
    s           
 t   sa  o                      h     
       gn    on                                        s re­              s a h                  
"he          
          
 t              hae                                      
 sa ha   :2               d s                      
 sno                      
                 
 sa   
 "he  o   2                           he                      
" in            d c                         
       n s    
s an ad                                  
   w l a 
"  
"no                                        be                    
 hn                         d              r r                      
                
 ha                   
    
           
  he  a           
   
   
 t n l                                        s lhe    (                                   
 t  .  " for              s   
      
       
      
 c zat                                        t  n t  a t             
 an               s  
 w  for                                      n  h     
  
      c in       
       c  s  
f o    
   
      c an   "   
"he    
   
  
 s al                       t   
   
"       
 ha                                    l   
   
 no                                d       xce         s a         whe                                  
    
 l                     
 sa      
" t     
 t   
 sa  o        d  h    c     "   
      
  n l     
 t     
" t h 
  
   
    
       
 ha                                    a  aro  ha                                       
 ns s "mat  o                              
      
" no   
                  
 t               t   
"h and s            d                        h  c   
"  
sa      
" l t                                      d s i                  
" lat                                        sa  o                   ha  a                     
                
 sa  a 
" "the  1                                     
  s re­            sa                          
            be                                       
 sa   
 "faso  (00                         
 s       
 ha                                    h  an   "           d c                          s      
 bn   
   
  sat                           
  s         
 f  hn                                        
  whe       
 t         s o   
     
 sa     
 
 hn                                  t     sat  o                                     l   
   
" sat          d  a                          
     
" s anot        
 t  h i              c         
             
 mac­                 
 
 n             
  f od  
                         
           
 t h    
 had                                      n a                  
 t fa          ha                   
                   d s    
 an a    
"  
sh  " sa      
 wh           
  s  
l     
"   
   
 b    .s in 
"  
 "      
 hn                                        
 t  s  
"ge  o                            h        
  ".  
 " no a 
      
 t   s a h   
 wh     "      
  ns  s a s         
 h           
    
    
" h a hit   
  
                   
  d          s he  o                                     c  n r 
                                
    
"hat   
 :                                  f   
" no a 
 "  " for          
 s r               
  s           
 s       
 t    
 wher                          d s               wher                        h               
 d d    
" wn 
    
    
            
               he                     
" sat            
 be             d s          s            
 c       
 l                     
 sa               
" wher     
   
       
 c r                  
 d s  o       
 c    wh    
"     
 ha                              t     
  
d s                   
             t    s sat                 s lh                                        
 ns  is  
   
 
" ml                                        ghi  a 1      

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      r l                    
" wh         
  d   s  o                    
 h h         d             
  "        
  d c         
"no       
             
      
"ge  o                                     r        
"            
 he              s       
 sa              sa                        
 t            
 n 
 m  i  on                                      
 t.  ra­                 sai                      
 c               
 d ba                     
 s               d s           n           
          
     
"  "ge a h a  
"he   "; (     
               f   
      
 s rat  0                                     he                      
 sa              c han                                        s re­              s a  
"                d s     
 ha                                    s  an 
d th   
  
  
  
 t fa  a  
"ha    (                          
       
 no                                        
 sa ha   1(                
"                 ha         t         
   "'li                                t       
"he   o                                    
 l            
        t  s o                  c lh                                        
  whe       
 he          h                             
 sa ha    (                
                 d s    
  
"h a pe sat  2                s      
             wh a  
                  
 t  n    
"      
 r no                                    
   c al e                    
         
  w    
 
" in  he    11                                        
 no                        
               t  an a                t   
 w           c   wa ti a 1                         
  s       
 t    
" wher      
          s an                     d s   h     
   s  be  h                          t   
      
  whe                           
   whe                                 ha                      n  "             sat                        c         
     f  "ner                                        d s a  
              
"he   "      
 c  
     
 c r             
 c r s      
   v      
             n   
  "'s lat  1 (                                   
  t n l                                        hae                                      .s id  
 
"ha  o                                    
 s on   
       
 ha                                    h  an   "           d c                          s      
" h i  
   
" he    1                  l     
 s ra                                       
 sa   
 sho             he                         
 c           s re­  
           sa                        s              
 snot                                        c a l h     
 sn             
        
         
 s     
" ov                                       
 l t                     
"he                      he                      
 no            d      
  .      
 he                                       
 fne                                       
 t a n   " his  o           d                         
" a pole   (                                    l  h                        ha                       n to                                        
 cd t                     he                      he  a                    
 hn                         d              s al           
 
 c h  
 "h         
      sa h    
  
 n    
"    
 ha                               
    
  sno                                        s al  
  an    0    
 r or                                    
   xpo  
     
 h a           n a                        
 t     c lhe                                       
 ha                        
           
  wha                                  
    
 l                     hae                                      gn a                                      
 t   c of o                              
"     
  
 ns    
"he    
  "he   h                              
     
 t l                                        n a                  
 c un                                        
 ha                        
           
  s an 
d th  o              s                      wh a  
  
        r                  

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      y   he  ou     
           
 c a                  s uno                                        l   
   
" ov                                       
 hn                         r                      
 a nx        
   d s    
 "lho                                        
 fne                                       
 t  s  
t n 
                
        
   s      
 he                                       
 t  bn                   
"               t   " t 
 "he  on  ;                                     s a re ou                                        s an 
sasteel                                        he                      
 sa             s  "to  
  
  
        g       
"he   0                                   c  sat  o   "           
 sa                   
 ha                        he                      sn h                   
 t s              s lhe 2                                     d s i                 
 gno                                        s re­              s roo                                        hae                                      c  gro                                        s rat  *;2                                   s a  
l af
t 1                                   
 c w  
tin      
        c a       
 t            
 s and    
  
 
 
t he                               w       
 re                                       d c                   t  n s          
        he  a           t        
"               s a s 
the   1                                    
 t  s  "ss o            d       
 s       s       
 t c  "hut                                        
 l t                     
"he                      s ra             
  
" ha  
               sat       
  f        
 t  n               
 c a whe     
 h        r  
          d         
gn                                        
 sa   
 
 
"he   0       
 t  
    a          
 s    
"he   "  
 "h all  1                                     r        
 d           
 t           
"  wher                                        d a he                      
        
"      
 t   sas o                      
     
         
 l                      s     
     
     whe                           w      
    
 mn                       s                  d c                
  and an h                                   d    c  s a         s all  0 (                                   ne  
   " of "t s  (1           d         
       wh         hae                                      in   
  " so          
 hn                                        per 1                                      
 l            
        s lhe                                       
 l            
        ver  (                                  
  y hoo                                        hae                                      t  an                   
"hat                                        
 t," lat   2(;                                  
   
 sat  a (                 r                   
  "ge  u        s        
  c l                 s    
           l         
 he            s           
  c           
 c xc 
sait     
  
"he                                 
     
s  in  he                                       
 t    whe     h i                                      
 c xnd ove  0 (                      r          
  g        
 r n                                     
  d c   
  ver                                     
  s un'  1                                    
"  so 
zape  ( ((                                  
 lh  / 2                                   t    s na    5         
 h   "           he                           s           s lho   2                                    
 t    s un 
             t     
"h af  h    
     
 sa     
 "he                  
 d     "   
c un     
 s a  
     
 ns      
  
        
" sat   
        x   
  
s al  
     h       
s a t   "no           d  a                m fa    
       
     m c s    
   
 c a    "ver  1                                  
  gr                                        hae                                      d s i                  
 t s         
 

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      d c                    n a 
         d      
  sho                 t     
       
  r      "lh 
                          c           t  " sat          
                             t  p  an                  
  t          c  sa ha satia *                                     
 no                        
               t  c    "   " w   al  he   
                                   
 c and   "  
" sath    th                                 v      
 t   
  
" wn t       
 t     
"                     n n to                                        h  " sat                "d    
      wh                   
         
 d ha                                       
 r no                                    
   
 l a                      l        
      
 snoo                                        s  wn a                                      
 snat  22                 l                 n    
 n            "  in  is      
  l              
 t              t    .c  "ol a00                                    t  h a t                
sa  o                                    
 d ha                                       
 t," f st te         
 f                         
  mssl                                        r l                    
 t h         
  n  
" no  
           r      
                             
   
s  ben                                        r l                    
 ns          d     s  ha   (                          sa                    he  a s                  s on             d    
              t      
 rat                                        s rat   (1                                   w    wn a                                      
 sa   
" mli 1                                      
 y   said                                        whe          
              r                      
  per                                        a pla0   1                 sa                
 "c 
for                                        
 hn                         
              t  n   
       
      sa  "  
 
         
  c r                    
"   
     
" no                         f             
 c and     
      sa  o                       w    
       
"  l a
e   (:           
  
" p       
     n s on             
      
 a    
   
      
 
s lhe  1;                                    he                       
 hn                         
              w a 
 "nen   4 (            s                     
 t   gn 
                  t  
                
 san to                    n                   
 d mad                                      c  sat  th id                                        t  qure                                       
 fne                                       
 sa ha   21                "                  d s   1     
 t   c a h 
" sa      
"he   ; 1                                 n  "   
"he    20        d co                                   
    
 san  
    "no      
                                 n p s  a voe 1                                   d     s hn                            d           f in  a 
" sa       
 t      
              ha                       
 nd             
 whe             c          
         c    
" fore 14                                    s roo                                        t  s ast   
"         d s            y  m       
 d b      
"    
" his                             
          
 ba                                       
 s lhe                                      
 sa ha   (               
 h                s an 
d th  ­      
   t s a  a     
"  a        
 a voil                                        d s it   2                                    
"  ben     2                                  ha                      c an              
 l                     h  an a               d s                    
 ghi 2                                      
 d l                       n            
   
" ov a                                     
 sa ha   1                 c                  hae                                      t  s   th                 
 s            h       
 t, "s ast   
     
   
 s

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      g hou                                        hae                                      n t       " sat a  
            
                      
 he                       he                      wha                         s             t  l                       l             c  sat                     
"       
 n       n a        s    
 s o y th                                        c l  
                 
 he         
        
    
 
 s            
  d  a le              
 c            b a                         
         
" he  
sat  o                         h           ha  a                      
              whe          t              
        t     na  in              d                     
   
" plat   0                                    s a al                                b       
 san          
             
               s lhe                                       t  n       n             he                         l              
 bn                      
 t               c hai                        
       t       
" ceph      
 sa   "   "                       d    "  
d ha                                       s no  o                                     r        
"            
 snot                                        on                                        re                     
" s              s ol  4                                     
" he  aho  o            
  sa  h                    
 fn                
 he              p        h a v           
 ha                         f          
  "'le                                       
 t    
" wn t                                      r n                 sa l                                        s an 
proo   1                                    
 t s la                                       
 t  p er                     
 f                 d c                    p in 
        a        
 an 
               .  "no                   s                    s sat   "a eo  
                    
        s       c l  
   wher s                                     r l                    
 t a         s     
 sa he   1                                    
 g co    
             
 wher                                        t   
" to   
 hn                                       t  c    "fa          c   'o             s        gn a                                      
 t t.  
  "h o     
  ".  
 "ner                                       
 wher                                        l   
   
" no                               
        
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     t  n t     ""in  a 
     
 hn                                        c  gl 
 7                                    t   
" in   
  
 sa ha 
  
 " 
     
 h  s                    
" n ca 1                  
 
              
  w nn                                      t   c a ag            
 s             
 mn            
          wha                                       
 a ve    
" ha  o                          c         
   g th  wh    
 "hea                                       
 c xcc o                 pe          d c                     
           s a  " ban                c  s o      
    r      
 t  ,      
 fo              
   p 
 wh      
         d co                                   
    s re­ a           n i           
        
 sa ha   : (                                 d s i                 
 sai               
       al               t  xpl 
 1                                 t  n       
             d ca 2                      h         
  t  n ro                                        
 t   n s    
 
 t   
"hat   4                                    he                      
 ha                        y           
  lo                                      r d                  t s re                                       
 h i   
  
       
 t  qho                                       s anol                                        
 t.  a n l                                        t  g a 
  "  
       t  "  h c      
 n   m in                               a        
"he   0                        

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      t  r ­                 'ce  o                    
 f               d c                      n l                     
 t         t c    sho      
  
 t h  
                    b     
   k      
 m cro                                        ns a must                                        n a                  s ra­  
      
  f   
r te                sa   
"   
         
  ov                                      
 c xc at to      t                         s       
 hae                                      in   
 
sa hi                                        en   
  he               
" he               t   sa  o    
               
               t   d ha                                       
 snat  31  (                                
 nd a 
  
              
 h a        w     
 he                                       
 s ben9  3 0                                 
 san to                    l                   
 t  bn                   
al                  sa      
             n s  ou               
 t  h          f        
 r  aho                  
  
            d     ns          t   whe            
   g s     
" hin                                        t   
" h 
 he  a        
 d wh                       n         
 n    
  
"n ha   1                                    an  ha   o   he                                       
 t.  h sa   (7                p            n     
  sat       
     
 c          r l                   h    
         r          whe                                  k      wn  h                                     d  l                        
            d   s  
he                   s       
    
      
 whe            t      
" lat                                        t  an                   
"he             
       
" a             
 d s it   1                                    
"h in   
     
 t    s    
" g  or e            ha                          t            
 wher   :                                    t  po  2                  en                 
" ha  
  
     
      whe                                  f    
"'le  1                                     
  re                   he                  s   
" a h           t  h a                       
           t   
 who  
 "h it                                        t  h ha                                       d s o                   s hn                                        n t      
 "hea  14~                                   
  n l   
            in   
             p    "h  
        
    d c                     sa  o        
"         
 c a            c a co a     
   "        h ha                                       a prat  3 :                                   a ra    "ne 1                                      
 c and   "  
 
 t  s o the           
 d      
"un                                        t   
 sat                   t                    d s    
 s ot a                                      
  s lhe   20                                    d s  ou 
              
 sn          
         per                                        n e      "             
 t.s a      
"he   0 (                                 t  s    
t   
         
 gn e                                      ghi  a 1           d c                          
      
"he   o                   
                
 b r                 
    sh               c  re                                       
 fne                                       
 fne                                       
 tc hat                                        s a n'v    1                 s                m  "s  a 1 a b   
d  a  
 ne                               s       
 m rat                                        hae                                      a ha  
   2              
 sa              main                        o         d     s  
    ", wha  
  
   
 l   
                 s i      
 sa      "hat
  ¹             n           
 s       
" tel                                         d s i h/                     
               t   
.  in    h  "     
 bn                            k           d        
.  
sa he        

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e"
ith 
the wrong bag and that, curiously e                                      
 d ha                                       h  p  sa              
 han                                        t  qu   e                    "               d s                    c rat (                                      be                      wha                         n             "'s wn a                
 ts                 he       
 t             
 l                    
   t   s     n     
 t   "ver  /                                  
  f in a 
               t n         
          
 no          w    
"he   o                                    
 a pu                     l   
                  "lhoe                                       a pl                      
"                s a bar to                                        
 t  l a 5                                 s  w hi  
 ha                                    h  an   "           c r                        s a       
 t    ". she           
 sa      
"n         
      
 s   he   
    a pl                               h        whe                                  t    t  hea                                       
 t ns s                 
h 
co                                        d s a  
              r no                o                s  s   
 sas d y    
   "lho   )                                    
 t  ' h a t  "gan ou  o                      
              k      
d    
 h     
 ha  
                                 
  fne                                      r d                  
 hn                         t              l a               "       
 gr                                        n t      ""n 
        "h          
 ba  4                                    
 mn                     a lo                
 shot                 t    c in  o                                     s  an 
san be   
 w  sat   "         d                          he                      t  un                                        c  vd ia  a
           
" re                                       
 wn                         h              c l                       
 s        
     whe             h       
 hn                                        be*                    
"he               t      cl                                        gr 
                                      
 d fe                                       
 c  s tt     
" lat   (                                    s r s"               h is                h     
 w               s a h o      
"   
    
 nd           
  
   
 whe       
  s a     
 h i  
     h        ".  
you               n  a
           f        
 wher                                        n  h     "  
      c ol 
                                      c  fl                                       be                      whe                                  n    
 t p   ""lho  14                       
            
  and he                                       wal  1                                    
t   
 gar02                 r                  
   
" ano                     r                      
 r s                       d              
 c xcen                       
         
      and  a 
  ""l s e    
  
"no   (                                     s an 
d th             n e                        
 c      
"ge  o                                     s  sat            lhe                                       
 sa     
d th              r               h         
 t        na  a i         
   ns a  " h 
           gl                                        
 t s  ha  2                   c                 s  ben                                        c  re                                       
 wn a                      
               h  'b   
         hae                                      he                      
 l t                     
 sne                                       
 pu  w  
"h             p o                f  a    
d sa                            
 ns      
" t ban sat                        h               t  an      f  s o       
 d n                        s r       
 l e                                      
 d whae                    
-----------------------------------Iteration 10
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 
d s    2               
                 
 sa     
" he  on                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa  a 1              d           d        sh t       
 sa           d               
   
"   
  
" wher                         
 sa           d        
  c ra                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 t     
" he  
"he  o  o                      
              
  s al        
  
 
"he  u10      
                            h    sho ha                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                   
 t s a ho  
     
            
                  
 sa     
 t   
" anor                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa  a 1             d            d        
  
 t s a plat 0                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
 t   
"he     "  
"h               s a  
       
 sa   "    
 sa     
      d s                s       
 t   s a he  
                
 
 sa ha              s   
 hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" he sat   1(                  
                hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
" he sat    (;                                  hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 
              
 s anoo                    
                   
 sa ha    (                
                 
 t  xc a 
" "no         d            
     
 t        
 t   sat        
     
  sh te        h         
 t  x glit                                        
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 t       
    
  
 t  
  
 sa ha 
   
  
   
    s    
"      
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa  a 1              d           d        sh t       
 sa           d               
   
"   
  
" he sat    (;                  
               
 sa    "hat                                h       
 t   sat      
  
 sa     
                     
 t   s  
  
 t   
" sat  o              s        
 t           
  s an 
d th  
      
 s r                          
 t   s       
 t   sat         
        
           
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 t           
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 s           
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
" he         
        
 t       
 t   s     
 t   sat a 2                         
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
 t  
 t  "he                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 t     
" he  
"he  o  o                      
              
  s al        
  
 
"he  u10      
                            h   sat    
  
 sa      
  
 s                 d  
   
  s an 
 and a  
   
   
 t      
  s al            
 s an 
" "no  
  
                 
     
  s  

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 
 s an 
d th  ­      
 t   
  sa   
      d        s  
" he sat    1               d                   
 sa ha                    
 s                d s        
 sa     
 " he sa        
             
      
 t       
 sa ha   ((                                   he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 t              
 s an 
d th  w he s                                      
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  
 t n h            d s     " " s      
   s s "       
 d    sa to                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 sa      
 s   s a
h oh  e                s          
         
 sa ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t    
" he  
"he  o                         
           
  s an 
d th    
  
   
 d            
 s  w        
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t   sa     
  
"  
" wher                     
 t                
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s anoe                                   s   
"he   
  
  
 s an        
 t   
"         
 t    
    
  
 t  "he          
                  
         
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 t              
 t s r     
 
 
" com a                                      
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t th  er     :                              s   
" wher   
      "'              d             sat      " h       
 t     
               
 sa     
  
 s an 
d th  ­  h            s   
 he                 
     
 sa ha                     
                 
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 s a     
" he  
w      
 t      s roo                                        hae                                      he                      
 t              
 d s i  1                "h              d       
 sa   
 "he  o0          d             
   
  
    
  sal                                  
     
 ha                       
 s          
  sa h               
       
      
  
    
 t   sat        t   
"   
" s a  
s   
         
 sa     
  
 s an 
 a   
 
"  
   
"   
  
" he sa    
  
 h  " "he     
  
   
          
 t    
  sa     
 he                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 d s     
" he   
 
 
 
 
sa      "hea                             
         
 hn                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 t     
" his                        
               
 sa    "hat                                h       
 sa ha   1:                                   s a ho   
    
  
 s lh                                        
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  san  
   "hea  22                                    
   
 sai                      
        
        
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
" he         
        
 sa h    
  
           
 t                  t   sa t                     d                
 t   sa     
 "he 
     
   z e                                 
 s  wn a                                      
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa ha   ((                
"                  d     "ha  
 he                    
        
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (;                                   
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 s           
 t    
" he sa 
   
  
       
 t   
 s a             
 c ra                                      
 t   sas     
 "he     


----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 
d s    2               h                 d s     
 t    s a he  
    
       
 t      
 s     
       
 t   sa     
 "h afte  1                                     
  s al   
       
 sat      
       
"        
 t             
 sa   " satha  19;                                   
  s un'  2                                   
 t    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 ha  
                
       
 t   s  
  
 t   
" sat  on   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              s an 
d   
  
" he  and a   "h 
      
  d        s       
    
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s uno ((                                    
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  d s it  
                                     
 sa   
 "he  o              h                n     
  when    
 
  
      d s                     
 t s a  
 
"he     
  
 s rar0                                     
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 c       
 t   sat      
  s a   
sho           s          
 sa   " 
     
  d s    
 h   
           
 t   s an a    
  " sa  sat      
 "h  ha     
      h h           sa h                       
              
 hn                     
   
              d s    
         s  w  "ge te        
     
 t n   
  l              
 hn                  
      
              
 t s  ha                
     
      
 t       
 t   sat       
  c he       
                       
 sa     
 he                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sat        
      
 no                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x w sat                                
       
 sa   
 "he  o                 
             
     
  
" co he                                       
 sa   
 "he  o              h                 s    
" he sa 
   
 
          
 d s i                                    
 s rat  2                                     ha                      s rat                                        
 c xc an 
" "he  "te  10                                    
  he  o                   
 ha                        
           
  s re­                   
     
 sa        
 d s i   
       
  t             s       
 h ha                                       
 sa ha   ((                
"                 s a ha  
      
   
 t   sat                 
      
  w  "   
     
 t   sa     
  
"he   1                             s      
 h ha                                       
 c xc an 
" "te "  "" a t  "  
     
  s     
  
      
 t   s a he  
               s  
"he   o                    
 t   sa        
 c      
"  
 
 
"    
       
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   he                      
 hn                         
              
 d s i  1ʹ              d                
   
" wher  
  
  
  
  
 s a p                   
" he sat   2( (                                 
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
  
 hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 
              
 t ns    
  
" he  and  a 
                      
            
  s al      
     
 t s an 
a h    
" h a     
" h  
    
     
  s    
" he   
" he  
"  
"he    
 "he       
      s      
 t       
 sa     
"he                           s           
 sa   "  
" he do           
 t   "    
  
 he                            
    
     
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
 t  s  
 "lho                                        
 sa ha   ((                
"                 s a ha  
      
   
 s a pl           
      s rat   (                                    
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t  s  
 
 
 t  "h af
 no  o                   
     
      
    
  
 t  
  


----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
"he   o                  
                 d s    
  
"  
 
"he   "  
"he      
        sa       
     
 s       
 t             
 t   sa     
 " anor                                        t   
 sat                   
                    t  n     
      
        
 t   s         
  sa h 
                      t        
      
 c rat   (                                    he                      
 t              
 sa   
 "he  o   1                            d    
  
"  
" he do      "  o    "      
                 d s    
  
" he  a  
 
t.  
 "      
 t    
"he        
  d s    
 "  
s                   
 sa ha   ((                
"                 s a ha  
      
   
 t   
" h  
      
      s al        
  w   
sa  a 1n  0                   sh         
    
 t h    
 "he              s ra(                    
         
       
 whe      
 he                                       
 c xc as th  he s o          t       s a               
 s an 
ma sa l       
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
t s     
" he        
 t   sa                 
       
 t   s       
 whe                                  
    
 
d s    2               s                 s a ha  o                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t        
 t     
" no   
                     d              
 t s a ha  
 
       
   
 t s                  s a ha  
  
   
" h    
 ha                   
  w   
         
  s re­o 2                         
         
  s al    
 s a 
   "he              sa                       
 t             
 t   sa     
 "he   he                        
   
     
   
"he   a 
   "hea     (                                 hae                                      s rat   (3                                   
 hn                         
              hae                                      s an 
d th  o               
  
                  c  sat  so   
               
                    t    s ba                   he                       
 t             
 sa ha   0                
"h                hn                                        d c                   t   sat                  
 c          
  s     
 t   
" co he   o                                    
 s rat  ;                                     
 t p a 
 sat  an            d ca                        t        
 t   sat e                                      n  
"  
" he sat      (            s a                
 t s  
" sat   o     
          
 d s i                                    
 h ha                                       
 sa   
 
 "he          xd              
   
 t  s    
 t   
"  
 
" a.  a he  a h 
   
  
  
 s al                  
    
    
  s        
 ha                                    h  an   "            t   
" s       
   t   s a he  
     " h o      
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 sa      
 ha                                    h  an   "           d c                          h      
"he   o                 
" ho                
 sat a  
        d                          
 whe         
 sa  "       
               d   sa                  c a l       
 s       
 t   
"      
 t      
 sa ha   (1                                   
    
 t   sat           
  d s    
   
              
 s    
"he        
"             t   
 w          
 c ra                                      
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 c xc an a       d            d         s    
  
" wher                        s a h             s a he  
  2  
                h      
       
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
 hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 f  
 wn                                        d s a  
              
" he sa      
 h  "    
  
d                  she       
 ha                                    h  an   "           t   
" sa       
   s   
" wher   
                
     
             
 t   sa     
 "hea

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 t   
" no         
 d s i           d                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t an a                                   h  
"li                   
 t            
     
s an 
"  
 "her  1 1                                   
  
 l a 
                     s        
     
 t s anor o    :                                 
 hn                         
              
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t  l a 
                                 
  s an 
d th  he                                       
 c xc han a             
 t nv                                       
 t   sa  o               wh           
         
 whe     xpo                                     
  s re­            sa           d              s            
 sa   "  
" ove  o         
               
 s       
 t   sat              s a l           
         
 hn                                        
 t    
 san te                                     
 sa ha   1:                sa                 
    
 t              
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               hae                                      
 t hu                                t       
 t  s  
 
" ove      
  
" he   
                    
 sa   
 "h    
" he  
" "l h
;             s  
             s       
 sa   
 "he  o                               s     
  "'l   "  
" ov  o                                   
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 y   
"geo                                        d s a  
              
 t n l                                        
 hn                         
              s rat  2 2                                   t    s sat                 s re                                       
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 sa              sa  o            
        
 h            
 t  s  n 
    "hea  1   (                                 
  hae                                      r d                  t n ha                                   
   d s it  
                                     
 s rat  2                                     ha                      s rat                                        hae                                      he                      
 sa h                    
 sa              s  "per 10;                                    
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 sa           d         
   
     
    
  s un'  0 (                                  
 sa     
"he   1 2                     
            
 c x cco a po       
 t    
  s      
 t             
 hn                   
     
              
 sa ha   1 (            s  
                  
 h h            s   
   
 sa              s a he         
 s    
   
"   
      
       
 hn                                        d s a  
              
 t s on                                        d c                   
 t   sa      
"         
 t   s an    "       
 s rat   0                                    d s i                  
 t   s       
   
 s lhe                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 l   
                   
 sa       
     
" wher   
                
 t                 
 sa   
 "he  o  1 1                                   
  
 no                                 
      
 c l t                                      h  "  
"he   o          t    s       
   s        
 t   c h "n                     
                  s a he a     (                                
 c  s al   
              
 t             
     
 ber                                        t  s    
 t            d s                
 sat  o a                                   
  
s an 
sast a 
 
"ner                                        
 c xc as th  he sat    1                                   
 t   sas     
" "g     
"    
 t     
 s       
 sa ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 d s i                
 t                 
 t   sa     
 "h aft   
"h (     
                d        s b    
 t   
"he     
 t   
 s     
 t     
"  
        
 whe                      
 sa        


----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 t   sat           
 d    
" a   
"   
         
 hn                                        he                      
 t              whe                                  
    
 
 n s one                                      s rat   (2                                   
    
 
sa  a lat    :                       
           
 t   s  
" he  
"lho 
                         s            
 t   sa  o            d         
     
       
 t  s  
" sat   o               s     
       t      
 t  
 sat   a  2       
  s re                            
 s        
 ha                                    s  wa te   
  
 ha                              s  n  
  
 
 
" wher                 
      
  n  
         
 sa     
 " 
sho 
   "no                                 
      
 t   sa     
  
 t    
  
 sai                       d        s       
 he                                       
 t  xc a 
sat          
  wh a                       he       
               
 d s            c    sat          
   x 
 
 "ne   
                 
 t      s        
 t   sas                        
 t.  
         sa                                      
 sa   
 "we 
               t             
       
 ha                                    h  an   "           s a ha                         
      
  s   
 t  s a he                      
         
      
 c l t                                      h  "  
"he   o          hae                                      c  macl                                        he                      
" whe           d          
 s  wa    
      
 sa     
  
" he  a  
      
          
  d s a  
         he                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  ns  
"no                                       s re­              s roo                                        hae                                      
  s rat   ((                                   w n s  
  
  
     
 hn                                        n a                  
 t s lh                                        
 d s a  
 
 c    
" he sat                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 hn                                        t   sa  o                    
               hae                                      hae                                      s lhe    1                                   
 sa     
"he   2 2                     
            d s    
 
 he               sa      "ha             d                s        
 hae                                      n  h     
  
       
 hn                                        hae                                      s rat   ((                                   he                      
" ov                                       
 sa   
 "he  o              h                t     
" sat   
     
      w a l                     
 t        h       
 t  s  "in  he                            h          
 hn                                        hae                                      he                      
 sa              sa  o            
        
 s            
 w s 
"too                                        hae                                      he                      
 d wa           s ra­                      
       
       
 t ha                                       
 t  whe                                       
 t   sas     sho        
      
     
 t       
 ha                                    
  s al  he                                       
 t    
 san te                                     
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  c re                                       
 ns  a put  wa           
                        
  s al  h  a      
 t   
" sa       
 s r     
  s al                            
 t         
 d s  the                                       
 sa    "hat                                h       
 hn                                        d s a  
              
" ho  o                 
                   
  s an 
d th   
       d   s            
  s        
  h   t ha                     
                 
 sa ha 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 t  n  
" sat  
  "ha  ou    
      
     
                      s rat   (;                                   
 c rat   0                                    
 t s  ha  1 ;                 
        
        
  p the  o                      
              
  whe      
"  
 "       
    s      
 h     
"he   o                                    
 l            
        s an 
 s     
     
 t s a ml                    c                   d s    
 
 "go                                        
 t    s rat   (                                    l  h                        
            s  sat            
 h               s r       
 sa   "  
" h i                            
 d l                       
            
   t c w  
no                     t                  
 c l              s     
" ho          
    
    
 t   sa              f  "n     
  
   
        
 d c     sat      
" h i                            
   whe                                 s     
 ha  
                                 
  c  c l tr0                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 mn                    
      w            
 d c    s  "ge  ou   :                                    
 sa   " she la                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  "no  a ­             wh          
 t     p   
"he     
 t      
 sa ha   (                                    c hat                                        
 sa   
  
 he                                 
     
 he       
 sa          h                    
    
  he  a                
 d s e                 h ha                        d              
" al          
          
 he                        
  n           
 s an 
pla10                                     
 t   d ha                                       
 d s it   (                                    hae                                      c  sat  so                   
                    
 d c   
 sa   
  
" "no           
"  
 " "           s a      
 t    
" anor  2                                     
  ns  a 
"te    
       s an  
        
    
"     
" in    
"      
 d n                       f          
 c a ml h                                      t  s    
  
 c        
 t s on                "l a                    
"he    :                s a              
 d was a 1    
"he     
   
            
       
         
 t  n l                                   f    
" he  
was  ha                       
              d s    
  
    
 d ha                                       
 t s a lho        
                               
 n c    "h 
h   "hea  1 ;                                   
  he  a   
 t           s a  
" he     
    
  s al  
     
              c r                
 ha                        
           
  whe          hae                                      
 sa    "no   (                                    s a pla  2                                     t   
"lh 
                                      
 sa   
 
 "he          xd     
        
   
   hn                                  t     
" lat   (;                                   
 c r r­                                     s a ha  
  
   
  ns  o                       
    t   s    
  
 s an 
d th  
  
     
     whe                           
      h    
"he  o  o                 
 s                 
  be     
  
     sat       
          
    
 t s a h        
 wher                                        f  "g the  o                     
 n             
  c wa t      
    c a  m and h                      
 s  h          d       
 d a 
 "  
  whe                 
    
         
 n    t     
         
  h  
sa  ou                                        he                      
" ha                     d s        
 sa     
  
 t   s      
 ha                                    t   sa  o                    t               y a 
"  
"he   o                    
 
   
        
 n 
 gato                                        he                      
 l                     hae                                      c  sat  a ss           t s              

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
"he   o                  
                 
 d wn                                        
 c xc at to      f                         
       
 hn                                        
 t  xcea                 
                  t  qur                                        s lhe    (                                   n i                   
 d pat                                        d s i                  
" ov                                       
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
  fne                                       
 n s a hi             c    c            c        
 t  't   
               
 t h    " co  h        d s       
    t             
      
 no                                        y   
 
 whe               t      
    
  
 t      
 hn                                        n r                    l   
         
        he                   h  
"h o            sa  ,         
     
      
            
 t   sa     
 "he   "                 
        
 t      
 sa ha   21                                   
 h  
  ".  
"no                                        whe          
              h        
    
 t   sas      "  sho  o      
 ha                                    h  h t  
 ha            d co                                   
    
 
c l to                                        t  " sat               whe                         
        
    
 
d c                  d  a       
        
 t a n         d  a t        
              
      
" s an r he  a   "h a        
 s  hno                                        d s i                  
" con              
      
 s                f   
"got                                        t    c lhe (                                      
 t   po   
  "he  o 0:   "                        w     "g he                                       
  he  a   
  c a        d s            d        
   
 t     
 sa h 
  
     
      
      
  p             s an a   
  " fo        d                
  c wa  o          d s                   
   
c       
 rat                                        hae                                      he                      
" whe             s  on                          
             t   
" "the                                       
 sa   
 "he  o              d                d     sh o        
"  
 
 
"ne                              t  "     
 fne                                       
 c xc han a             
 s rat                                        
 d ha                                       
 t s  he     
          he  a s                                   s  f on                                        s re­              s roo                                         en   
   
" ha               s     
      
  ns      
 ha                                    s  po   
 " ove  l~                                 
 wh  a    
"he             d        
                
 sa   
 "he              s a h         d     s    
  
 s      
 t   
 a   
" pe 
ha   
            sa      
               
 s a            
 t nv                                       
 t    "ge  a                  
                  
 c xplat  1 :                                   
  s re­             sa                         
             
 hn                      t  p              sa   
     
            
 t s            d s    
        
 c         
       
 r     
   s a  
gro     ((:                                a ra     
" a       
 t   
        
     
 sa   
" ano   
  
"   " sat a                                      
 hn                         
              c  sat         t   
 sai                                        t   
" al   
      ns a h                        
 d     
   
 w no                              
         
 c xc as th  the     
               
 s                d s        
 sa     
 " wher                       
  an 
           hae                                      t   
"lh 
                                      
 t  s  
 
 
 
 po  " "ooo   (                                    
 t   sas     
 "no                             
          
 l                        

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 wher                                        
 ha                        
           
  ov                                      
 s gli     (                                  
 sa   w  
"co   0     
 s un               
                        s lhe    2                                   c  s a he  a              s e        
   d       
 wn a                                      
 sa   w  wa t          d                   n   
   
 l  
     
 t  
      s  g t sa    "h     
 s rat                                        whe          
              d        s    
"he   o      
 ha                                    
  s on                                l       h he                                       
 l            
        b r                                       
 t ns   
 "he         n a  
                              
 sa   ""ge  he  "no   
     
          
                   
 sa ha   12                sa                 s    c l              
  sat       
  m   s     
" h o               
 wher          
                             t   
 sat                   
                    whe                         d        s    
t  "s  a sad  o                        
            
  an 
"  
 "ha  o          n l                                 
 t    
 mn     c ra                                 
     
"he   
    
 ha                                    s  no   
  
         sa                      
 d              
 fne                                       
 d s i              
 
 t  t              
 l               
 d     
" a v     
     
 s an 
d ha                s   
                  s sa her                
           s a         
 sa   "  
 t  "hat  1                                    t  n     
               hae                                      
 d s a he                 
        
    
       
 t d   
 sa      "      
 t s     
   
   
    h  
"lher  1;                                    
s a l  he                                       
 l            "        
 and  
                      t       
"     
" h o   "h at a (1 ( ( (                     s       
    
 ha                                    h  an   "           t    s an       
   
    sa h             c   
  
d s                     
 hn                         
              hae                                      s lhe    2                                   a mr l                                       s lhe    2                                   s an 
d th             h  " wn 
      
  
        
 sa      
         
 fne                                       
 d s a ha                                   
   
 d s ea   
          
  m l        d           
 w ha                       
               t   
" sathai   
  a           
 t                c  sat      
 ha                                    s  at   
  "go  o                                     t   
" lat                                        
 whe       ". ol 
                                      
 sa ha   :(               
 t                
 t   
" han  o    (                                s  no  
 "he   1 1    
 " f                 f  h    
"h i  h                                     
  d s a he                            
 t        d s a  
 he             h     s     
 t    n      
 t   
 sa     
  
  hn                                s  
    
 sa ha   10                                   sa     
" ti          
" he                "        
 t      
    
 t s a he  
 
  
    
  t.  a v  h              d s i 21              s   
  h       
   v   
  
" tte    
    
 sa                          
 wn                s       
               
 hn                    '    
              t n        d ho                                        wn                         
              
 t  xc a ho  he                                       
 t   sas     
and      
 t   f       
 h       
 hn                                        c  gl 
                                      
" ov                                       
 wher                                        t  l                     c a             d      
" sat      
"he                    

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 sai                      
                 
 t he                                       
 d ha                                       
 t    "ge  a                  
                  s re­             
  s ano                   t         
 l                    
 c   c r           sa  
    
"       
 f  "                 sa   s    
             s ra                 
    
         
      
 hn                                        
 a ve    t  a
  
     d            
   
   
 wh    
 
" "ge to  2 (                                   
  sas  ou 
              ha                       
 t             
 a p  " sat  a a s("   "  
"h         
            
  d s a  
 he              s  w       
 ha                                    e  
" "per a                                      
 sa    "hat                                h       
" pro                                        n  h     
  
      n s o  a t            s  an l                     he                      
 hn                         s              t   
" puto  :                                     d s a  
              f  anor                          h ha                        f              hae                                      he                      
 no            t    s  ha  
                            t s     
  
d h    
"he   1 :                                  
 s rat  ;                                     hae                                      d c                   whe                         l        
     
 t   t  s  al            d    h     d s               s     
   s ha   
             
 t   sat      
       t  s            n         
 t n          
  f      
 he                            
          
 sa   
 " for         
 s                  s w s     " anor  o                                     
  wha                                  s    
t   
 hne   2                          d         d s 
"or o           d      
                  be                   f  "n 
"              she           d            d   s              s re       
             
          
      s rat  ()                                    whe          
              b        s     
   k    
 t    n     
   sat  o                                     n  h     
 he                       
 t             
 t nv                                       
 t  ' h a t  "lin  (1 (  (                                   
 a p b an         
 fne                                       
 no                        
               
 d c   
" hnoe  s              d                  
" he  
sat       
"      
 r                        
     
         
 hn                                        r l                    
 sa          h      s  
d li                                        d s i                  c lh                                        d c                   s al  
         
    
.  wfo         sa      
     
 d     s                   
 t s in  o                  ha                      d ca                       
         
 s r 
or %                                      
  rat4    :                                  c a ha  
  
   "hat                                        s lhe    1                                   t  s ev ae                  
"                t   
 sat      .      
    c                    hae                                      n a               r   a            
  g  h h            
  
   
" h   "in  a                           w         
 sa   "  "hea  22;                         
 w       
  f lho ;  2;                                  he                      
 no            d s                         
      lat                                        d s i                  and  
"       
   x g w hi  
                  
 h    
  s        
 t   t ha                                       
 hn                         t              
 sa ha   ;               t                  
 gn 
                     
                s a ho  a e    1                              t    
" t you                                      hae                                      t s a he  
d               s                 

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
"he   o                  
                 
 s on          t                   d         
  
 wher                      
 w               
 sa     
 a po a to                
                       t  an                   
" who           ha               
           
           
 c w  
"lin  (;   (                                he                      
 d s            d      "ge  5               
s   
 t             s an a   
    
 he                    
          n       
" op    
  
  
 he                           d  a         s    
 t  "ande  a     
 n     
  gxco                         d      c    n  
.  rat    ;                                   whe          a              f        
     
 t s a "d th  
   n i             s         
       d s    
 
 
 ha  9     
   t  " n   
 s    
f  " " o      
 h       
s   
" wn                  n                     
 he                        
  p           
 sa ha   5                r n                      
 t             
 hn                   l     
               d ca                    h  
         he                                       
 r no                                    
   
 san  
    
"      
      c        
        whe                                  s    
 t  s  
 "hea  
                          c         
 t   sas          c  a r           h             
   d ca                       
        
 sa   
"ne                                       t  n s                   
.  g           c      
"he       
               t                he                      
 he                       sa                    shot                      
 hn                         d              t n       
d sa                          
    
 t     
 n 
"   "we  ho                                        whe          
              a        
    
 l t                              d       
 sa ha    (                                  "lho                        h                
 n s   sat           
    c a               d       
 san                       h                 c  sat   "l     "h a   
c    
      
         
    ba               
"hea  h (                  
                in   
     
 d     c lh                                        h he                       
               
 sa   
"ha  a
      
                             wh  
    
 t   
" la    4;                  s roo                                        whe          
              t        
    whe                                
 s    
 t th  ea                            
      
" ove                     
"               d    s       
" a 
    
 
"he  u                               h     
" ts we s                 
"                   n  h     
 sno                                        d s a  
              
"lhe         d                              d l     
               b   s          c      
 t he                                       
d ca 2                             n r                    r v                  sho  o                                     he                      t  " s           d      
 n t  a   
"    
 he                 
             l        
 t  
 c   
"hen                                        he                      
 no                        
               
 bne                   
   d               
 sa     
 c l t                                      t   
 san (               n n                      he                      
 t  x           hae                                       
 no                        
               t   c a a h 
 a he a   20                           
     s an 
dou   
              t                n    
  
s a s  
  
" t th  " h    
 sa   "  
    c               f    
   
  r no                                 
  s   
" no   
    
  
          
 d p             gn a                                      
" hin  o   2                                  
 sa   
 "he  o              n                
     
  
 ben                                        c  pl t 2                                    h   sat  o     
 "h          h                 
  p tha    0                    
     
       
 no     

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 t ha                             d         c r    
  s  "        s a.             s   
t a    
 n     
 d s      
 whe                       f          
    
 sa ha   ((              
 t                  t    s rat                                        c  gl 
 4                                    d s i                  h aft              c        
      b        
 ne                                       
 t   c an a             
                  ha                   h   shoe                                       
 t   c ol a                                      
 t   sat        
      
 sa           s         
 t   n   
"   
  
t the                                       
 in   
 "ane     2,        
                t      and a   " sta 1                                      
 sa   
he  o             
                       
  sa  "  
 
 sho                   
 n c    h        f  
" whe          a ro                                       b     sa  a              c r                    
  sa         
 c   c hat                                        t  c    "lho                                        t   
"li  
              
"               n     
 nd    
"       
 ha                                    c  sat a  
            
                      n i    
               
"ha           d        n   
 w            r                       
  f       n   
 t   
 whe      
           
   "h    
     
     
 ha  
                                 t  l                     he                      
" his                      
                 t  d s                    t              c  s o 
   no            s         
 m  s    
l t    
" he  n 
 "     
    n  "        s    
     
 c rat   1                                    
 b re                                       ver 1 3                                 c  f   
 "ner   4                                    r l                    y a              w  t.  
 
 
 r s2                 
          h      w sat  n                                    h  c  
"ner4                                       f  " sat   a he c a ((       
                         l a 
                    s ro                                        hae                                      c  h 
"l i    2                             n   
  an  oo                          
    
        
 sa   " wher h (                                    f  "n sat
  h           s                        
 c p one   ­  
sh1                            hae                                      
"he   1 2                 "he              l   w  2                 
 l a                      he                      
 t he                                       
 ha                        in                    
 ha                        c           
  b 
he                                b       gho              
                         w he  o                                     be                       
 d             he            d        
   
 s           s lho   1                                    
 w he                      n                
 sa   " 
"he     
 t h  xp                 
n           
       " hin                                        d s i                  
 t d t       
   p t er                                        t  bat                                        d s i                  
 t  c        
   s a l on   3                                    he                      f  
"h           d s                          y     
" on   
                
 t                 
 sa   " tha  s o   
  
 whe                           r           
          
 t s         an  ʹ whe     
 he                                       
 t hu                                n       
 he                                       
 sa ha   :1               c                  wha                         
             
 sa ha   1                 sa                 sat      
             d ce                      
 d       gho                                        r l                    
" in         
  n  s      
 t    '    
     
 r no                                    
   he  on   3       

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 
"l cco ha   1            s      
                d s    
      
  s anor 
                                      n r                    sa ha                    
 r                     d cl                                        f  "ooo                                        c had                                      d s i                  
"he                s     
 t              d s    
        n   
  n  an               
        h       
 n 
"   
 
" wno   2                                    
 t    k    
" ho  o          
                          ha                      t  h              
 sa ha   1                 sa                 gno                                        d c                   
 snat                                        hae                                      s re­               
  b r                     r           d     sa   (           d s   "      
  t        h  
"      
  w s ce  a t.  
      
 g  s tha  o            c     t    
  an e      
 s an 
d th           
             
    g        whe                                  
    
 d  
wha                                       d c                   s ano c                                 w   " tt                                        
 sa ha   12                 r                 sa    " 
 "            s a c             d     
  
 d ba                  s a          t       whe                           h      
    
 an 
d th                 
             h        
" er 
"  
"ho              
     r          
        
" his                                        
 t s la                                       
 gn r                                        n o                    
 t  a      
" ps e                          o     
     w  wa pid s  
no                                        d n                         
        
"h i  a ono     1                                  
 sat     c af
             h                  
"     
"he   o                          
         
 h he                                       
 wd a
                    
"h              
 c ra                                
    hae                                      s rat   (3                                   d s a  
              
" in  a      " no               
           s      
     in   
" sat  a  ber:                                       hae                                      a he                   gat               s    
" n c      
 n     
 s   
s a ple0                         
             
 c xplat                                        sa  o                   whe                         h        
    l  a
    "" " so   "mer    (;                                  c  sat    
 
"       
" ovr                                     d  is ­               o   
       t    r    
  " the    
"     
  
         
   c rat                                        f  ov                                      
 hn                         r                      
 ha                        
           w  rat                                       
 d s  "he   o      
 ha                                    d  a  
en  
  
    s rat   3                                    wha                         l              
 bn                      
 he                       r              ss  
               f      
        c     
", sat   o                               n    
 h a  
  
  
 t ha                            t          
 t, wa ter                      d s               s  he  ou                                        s c in  o            
 c   sh        
        
  ml                                        r n                sa h 
  
                
"lh               
 
d who                                        f  " ag e                     t                
 h wf        d       xner   (                                    sno                      
                 c h ea    
" b    
" t   " ""n                c r   
  an             s a h         s    
t  d   s o                             d     "a b gai    )   
 "ne  
                             r          
           
 ha                         t 

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
 wn a                                      
 l   
                  lhe (                                      
 d l                       
            
   xc  us ast a      
 c               l               
 sa   c    
            
 d m i                     d            s   s co ha   
                y a sh af             s   
 t         
          d s e                    
          
 wh    
 "ha 
on  ( 1                                   s  r l t (                                    w he   
            
 t h  
         
         
 r       t      
 d s ea                 
 c un                                        d ce                       ha            
         
 hu                           
            hae                                      n   
" a bon    
 "no                                        d   s  
 in        
 sa             n p  
            h    
  "te       
    d s i                      p h    w  m  
 
 t ha   
  
"                        
      she      
"he                                       
 d s i              
 gno                                       t  p in                       
                c an       
"h      
 t    
 a       
   
  no  a                     gh               
 d pu                      
            s    
" c whi   
 c a pale  /1 ~                                   ha                      s al              
 c and            s      
 bt                                        r l                    
c ea            d    s  "te                d c       
 t l                     d                  d s    
whe                                       
 a nx     
" he   t f 
id   "       whe                             
         
 fne                                       
 d s a  
 
 sa    "go  o                                     he                      
" fal                   f  "                 s re   a     
  
     a ve                 he                      he  o                    l                
  f  hn                       
                m  bat                t  bn                    
"h             
   
 n 
  h 
" ha  o                          s         
 g sat         
                              l   
    
" sa          ba                                       r n                s re                                       
 wher                                        
 t  ."  
or a e o                 a h    
           sa         t            
 t              be                        whe                         t        
    
ne  
     "re     :                                 
 nd  n                     
               ha                      
 no                        c               t   
" loo   2                                    
 s on            d                           d s a s   o           n r                                  he                      
"he                      hae                                      hae                                       
 fn e                                      n  
" la9   0                      
 t        p 
al a *  0               f  
      
       
 c zat                                        s rat  2(1                                   s    n a 
  " sat  
a  co          c                     g   s   "ge i  "  
 
 f   
"de    
 h             w     
   f         
 mac                        t h           
 sat       
  b             c                wn (       
   
        
 in              d       " t w         
   xc id e                             n        
 f  "re                                        
 r no                                    
   
"ha  i                   he  oo                                        s rat 6 (                                    he                      
t  wv           
 he                         f             
 c xc is 
"." 
cen 
"                                     d t h     mea                a                      s al  n                   b           
      l a 
                   
 bn                     d s a                 
 c l  
      
 t        he                      
 c   r         

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a"
t, phouchg," agreed the first man, and a                                 
    
" hi  
 ho  0                                 t    whe                     s r c             
  f c hat                                        s and  
 
" 
 "re0  0 ( (;                               an er   2                            sa      
             
" op              s a an 1 1ʹ     
        
 po      
      
  
 a  or a               t ha                                       
 l            "        
 c is      
     
 she               he                      l a 
                    hae                                      he                      
 sa             n 
   sa   
           s  
r  s   
  
"  
    
",    
   
"he                            
   s      
" and ea   1                      "           
 d v     
 no    
  g   
 
      
"h   
 co   
     d s      
    
            l   
    
 t        n  gro                                        
  s wher                                        
 nd   
   
 he                                d      
"he      
 ha                                    s  c t 
"."oh 
 o                        f           
"n 
 
"loo  0                                    
 c xcc o                 wh i                       
       sa     
 sa ha   :                                   t   h o          c           ne      
       h aft              
          
              
 l                      f   
 l     
     
 bne  
                                     a br la                                       
 tc an                                     r        "pe                                       s und                        m     f       
 t c   
 sat a                                      s al  h  a             t   s                m  n       
 sa ha    /                                  s al  
  t          t   
"h          ha                                       
 ns  se   
  
 
c in  a           f               
         whe                                  
    t l                                        l   
   
"  
           
 pin                        
               whe          
          c   s        w    
" h ae ast a                    t                 whe                         d        h    
" lit )  (                                   hae                                      w bat                   ha  
                    whe                         f        
    
 ha                                    y   c an 
s        s rat   1                                    
 t p s ea   
          d s             s        
 h       whe                     f  h         c    
sat e            s         he                                       
 snet                    s                   s re­ l             k    s                gn                                        c  c w  
wher                                        f  ha                                       
 l            t        ce     
     
         
 wher                                        s rat  3(2                                   t    t h   c  
   
"he   1                            d       
   zai                   
             h h    
            "he     " "            d       "          
 l   
      p                 r     
     s al  
 v    
 ba         h          f          
       
 al        t  r                                        d s o                   
 ha                        m           
  pen a                               w      
 t nt                                f       
 n t  he                            d t         s  on               
   
      r             whe    :                    
        t    whe                        ha                      n a 
                
" ha  
       
 d    sa to                                        
 sa ha   13                c                  t c      t t          
 bne                                       
 mn                     t  qu                    
 t  "      
       
"nee   1 :                                  d s i h~                     n                 
 re                       f               d s    
  
"   " tel     
" or      
  
     
 c xp                   

-----------------------------------Iteration 11
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t        
 t     
" he  
"he  o  o                      
              
  s al        
  
 
"he  u10      
                            h    sho ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t   s    
 t   
" anor                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t        
 t   sat       
   
 sho                        
 t   sa     
  
" he    
 h a s 
 "   
       
 sa   "      d        s an  
      
   
  s al      d    
 "      
 c r      
  s     
 t    
 t  s     
 t    
 t s  
  
" he s a  
   s  wa sat   "h a  
   
           
  s           
 t   sa  o              s       
     
       
 t   sa     
  
  
 s an 
d t                 s a  
 
 
"    
     
 t   sa     
  
"  
 
" wh    
 "he   h       
 s rar0                                     
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa     
  
 ha             
               
   
  s  
 he                             
 s       
 t   sat              s a l           d         s a he                
 s r    
      
      
 t s a     
"        
 t    
" he  
"he             s       
 t    
          
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 h ha                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
  
 t   sat     "h as     
    
       
 t         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" he sat   1(                  
                hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "no   
  
"   
 
 
   
 h       
 t       
 t   sa  "  
 
  
      
 t  s  
     
 s     
" he sa     1                                  
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 sa    "hat    (1                                  hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
 t   
"he     "  
"h               s a  
       
 sa   "    
 sa     
      d s                s       
 sa     
 "h a ho  
                           h         
 t   sat        
    
 
 s            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                   
 t s a ho  
     
            
                  
 sa ha   (                
 s                 d s      
 s a     
"  
"he  "      
 sa              s  "t        
 d s    
  
" he  a   (wa  
      
             
       
       
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0:                                  
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 s a     
" he  
w      
 s  a   
sho     
     
     
   
"he      "     
  
 s an 
d    
   
      
 t   sa  o                            
       
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   s lhe    1                                   
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 sa    "hat    (1                                  hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "no   
  
"   
 
 
   
 t       
 t       
 t   sat      
  
  
      
 t        
         
 t   sa     
 "hea   1                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 t     
" he  
"he  o                         
           
  s an 
d ha   1                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
  
"he  o   (                                 
  s an 
d th  he                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                       

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 sa ha                                       
 t   sas     
"he      
       s     
 t       
 t       
 t   sat      
  
  
      
 t        
         
 t   sa     
 "hea   1                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
 h   s a       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 sa     
 t   
" he dou   "   "        
   xc a hi   
         d s    
      
" he                      
 t   s    
     
 hn                                        f  "n sat
  h           
                        
 t   sat      
         d s                     
 t        
 t   s an 
"  "no    1                  "                hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 sa      
 s rai                                        t   
" sathaid    1                               s   
" w sat   "  
 "her                                        hae                                      s rat   (1                                   
    
 
d s    1               s                 s c wa co   
        d c                         
       
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 t              
 t s a h  
 "no          
" h                         
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t   sa     
  
"  
" wher                     
 t                hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 
              
 t  xc a tin             
   
        
   
 s       
 t   sat               
  
           
   x     
 ha  
                                 
  s al  h  
      
 t    
" h       
 t       
  s re  1                          d         
 s anoo  2                                     sa  o                   he  a                    sa  o                   he  a                    sa  o                   h ha                        
              hae                                      he                      
 sa              sa  o            
        
 h            
 t   sa     
 "he   h 
                        d         
   gn a                                      
 sa    "hat                                h       
 sa ha   1:                                   
 t   sas     
"he      
 h      s    
         
 sa      
  d s          d             
  w  c w  
s a ha  
                       
        
   
 t s anor o                                      
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 d s i              
 
 sat               s a he  
                 
"   
      
       
 t   sa     
  
 s an 
d th                   
   x co    
        
 t   sa     
 "he   he                         
   s         
 sa   " "he    
  
 s a h     
            
 s     
 t  "hea                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa     
  
 ha             "               d          sa h                 
" he                
 sat    "  
    
          
 t       
      
 t   sa     
 "he   he                         
   xc        
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
" he         
        
 t       
 t   s     
 t   sat e                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" wher   
 he                    
                  s an 
d he                 
"                   sa  o    
  
    
 t    
 sa              s  "te "  
 "he       
  d s                   
 t        
 t   s a he  3             d     
 h ha                                       
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s an 
d th  2  " sat    " "            

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 hn                         
              
 t   s an a   
     d    
  
 sai                 
 t   sa       
         
 s a n ha    0                              
   s an 
d th  o                                     he                      
 ha                        
           
  sa h                 
  s al      d  a      
 sa            s a        
 t   s  
   
  whe                   
         
 t  x    
"he    
"he       
   
 c r s                                      
 sa     
 t   
" sat   a 1e  
           
  g s   "        
 d     sat a                                      
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 sa       
  d s          d            
  s   
"he        
 s an        
 t   
"              d s           
      
    
 t      
 t   s an 
" "tel                                       d s    
 
 t     
" wher   
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t   s    
 he                             s         
 t   sat         
          
         
         
 hn                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s       
" he     
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
 t   
" wher   
            
 s  
d                 
" he sa  o   ";    
      
 t                 
 c rat   (                                    hae                                      s an 
d th  o               
  
                  
  s an 
d ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t s a ha  
         d ca 2                                
  s an 
d th  he                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 sa ha   1:                     
             
 s an 
d th  10    
 
 
s a          
    
        
  f  
sa     
 "he    
 "her  0  (                                  s an 
d th             d s     
      d           
 t      
 t    
"he       
 t   
  sat a                                      
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 nd a                     
          
     
" wher   
  
     
 t    
"he                 sa         
          
 wher                                        
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 he             sa  o                     
 t            s a ha  
  
        
 t h             d      
"  
" wher   
              
                     
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 t       
 bn   
       s a  
 
" wher                              
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (1                                    
   
 t s anoo                                        t   
" sathaid    2                              d      
 sa ha ( ((                                  
 ha                        
           
  ns    
 
 he       t a                                 
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  sa h 
  "h all  (                                     
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 sa      "hea  21                                    
   
 t n  "  " no a 
              
         
 t s      
  
 s an 
d th  1          d          d     
        
  d s a  
    
     
    
 t          
 sa h                                      h  " sat                "l    
"     
          
 t   sa     
"   
"he    
 t  " he             s  an e                   
 hn                         
              
 t   sa     
  
 sa     
 " f o       
       
 sa ha     (                                 s an 
d th             h afo 
                             
        
 t    
" he sas  1                 sa                  
   
"he             d       s   
  
   
      
 t   sat            
 c   
" whe      
         
 sa ha   ((                                   t   
" hnee a
   1                                 
 sa h       

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 t   sas     
 "ha     
 t     
     
 t       
 t   s   
" he  a  sat              s                         he                      
 sa h                    
 t               
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  n l                                   h    sat  a  "the  1                                     
  ns  a 
"te    
       s re                           
           
 sa   
 "he  o 0:                      d     s     
  
 s al      
 s      
    
 t         
       
 sa ha                                       
 sa ha   1(                wh                 
"   
"he        
     s an  al                   
 s ra               
 t    
                d s            d       sho          
  d       
  s            
  c l  
                   ha                      s ren                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"h   
         
 ha  (                        n           
 t   sat   2                          d         
 s anoo  2                                     s  ha  
                       
 t    
     
" wher   
      
  
 hae                                      t   
 sat                   
                    t    s and  
" 
" "  
"he    
"h     
 h af                     
         
       
 t ns   
"he  o         
 h                        
  ns  a 
"t  
 
"he  o                         
           
  ns    
" he said    ; ((    
         
                 
 t  xc a 
" "hea  a i  
  "h d    
  
   
 t           
    
" wh  
  "hea  (2;                                  
 s an 
dt  o    1      
             
           
  s an 
d ha   1                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 sa ha   : (                                 hae                                      he                      
 ha                        
           
  ns  a 
"d to                                        hae                                      hae                                      he                      
 sa             sa                         
             
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0:                                  
 sa ha   ((                
"                 hae                                      he                      
 t              t  s      "ge  on                                        d s i                  
 sa ha             s      
 h                
 sa     
 
 h ha                                       
 t    
"he      
 sa   
      
 s r                         
 nd  a                 
 he                       d c                   t   sa                     
 t      t        
 hn                                         
 c xc an ru      
  s      
  
     
   
          
 sa      
 ha                                    h  an   "           d c                          d      
" h o   hn                                        
 sa   
 "he  o              h                s     
  
 t  s sa                            h a    
   s  ha  
                        d s         hae                                      n a                  
 t n h                    n   
       d       xce      
    c      
" co he                                       
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 whe       
   x  
 
     
 t       
 s     
 he                                       
 t    
 t s a ha  
            d      
"           d   s  
 he    
            h       
" h al       
 s ra                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     sh              s ra          
       
    
         
     
"he  o                 
  
 t              
  c  sat    " to    
  
   
  s      
          
 hn                                        
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 t       
    
  s an 
d th   
         
 ha                                    b      s  
" s        
 c  s   
     
 t    
"h o           
 t   s a he        he                                       
 t   sat        
      
 wh           d         
           
 s    
" he sat   1(                                   
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     she             
    
" 

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 hn                                        whe          
              
        
    
 
d ha                                       
 d s i              
 
"he                s a nd he                                       
 d s o            
 t    
 c      
 wh  a 
   
  
 ns    
 " no        
 s    
" tile wa 2               
 sat                 sa    "h               sho                     
" he             s a ha  o 0                           t      
"  
"he  " "her                  
             
       
 t   sa     
  
 h ha                                       
 d s a he                 
        
    s       
 t    
 sa ha    (                   
              
 hn                     
   
              t   
" satha th   
 "         t        
 t       
 t   c od a  o                            t      
"he    
 "hea                                      
 sa ha   21                sa                 
"   
"he             
 d s         
           
 sa     
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 r      
 t   
  s  
d ha                                       
 fne                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t  s  
he                            
   
      
 t   sas     
  
 
   
 t  s  sa he                       d  a            s a fore                                       
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               n   
" he   o                       t     c      
"  
sa hat     (                 
                hae                                      whe          
              
        
    
 
d s    1                                 
 t    "he         
 sa   
  "        d c                           
     
"he   
    
  d         whe                                  
    
 no                                        
 t s  and a a 
 "      
 hn                                        s rat   ((                                   s lhe    1                                   
 t   sas     
 "ha     
 h     
     
 t       
 hn                                        d s i                 
"he         
 t  x c     
" h                sa  o                   he  a                    sa  o                   s rat                                        s rat   (1                                   
    
 no                                        
 whe       
 he  o                                     p  and                 
" he         
   s    
 
 l a 
                               
    t  
 sat                  
 t he                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
"      
 t   
 s       
 sa       
 s rai                                        s rat   (1                                   ha                      s re                                       
 d s i              
 sa ha               "    
 t                he              d       
 sa h                   
 c                
 sa   " sath on                                        hae                                      d s i                  
 sa ha             s      
 s                d c                 
"h e  
 "      
 t    
 t s a he  
       
   s  n  
" ha  2                           t         
  s al  
 ha                                    h  an   "           s a  
 "        
   xc  an 
zee    
" in   
   
   t    s     
        
 l                       
          
     
 whe                 
 
       
      
    
 
 he  o                               s     
  
 no                                 
      
 sa ha   1                                    
 c w  
cl                                        
 sa   
 "he  o              h                t     c  sat  af3 d t        
 h                   
   ver                                     
  s an 
d th   
  
    
 sa           d              s an  h      
 ha                                    n  h     
  
      
 t   sa            
 c    
"h 
h h    
       d s  "                      
   x  
t he                     
 t        
      
 t   sa  o               
 s          
       

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 sa ha   :(               
 h                
 sa ha   (                
 s                 d s      
 s a     
"  
" in        
 t    "re e                                     d s a  
              
 sa ha       
          
  wh                 
 
sa        
 ha                  
                 
  l a 
              
   
"he          t     
"   
 
 
 no   
                        
   
       
 l t                                      h  " sat                s     
      
          
 t   sa     
 t  "he   1                                    
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 s           t   
" sathe   (                                     
 t   sat        
      
 t            w         
 t    "he      
           
  s      
 t         
 sa ha   1                                    
 t    
 ha                           he                      
 sa             sa                         
             
 hn                      t  w              
 s rat                                        t   sat                  
 w          
  c     
"he    
   " to         d  a                                
 sa     
" he  on                                        
 hn                         
              hae                                      f  "n t  " " "her   1       
               
 bs                   
 d s i              
 for  h                  
                  t    sa           d         
       
" w      
 sa   "  
  
 t   
"ge  o 
 
      
   d       
     
        
  s lhe 1 1                                    
 h h                   d s    
        t    s  
 t  t      
 s  p hat                                       d s i                  
"he                s     
 ha                                    f  "n s ale  03                                   t   
" sathaid    2                              h     "he  ou                                        
 sa ha   21                sa                 sa     
 
             
 sa              sa  o            
        
 s            
 t   sa  o            d         d     "       
 t   sat        
                     
         
 hn                                        
 ha                        
           
  s un 
                             
  s     
 t   
" he sat   2 
t th      
   x  
               d s               sa  o            d       
 hn                                         he                      
 ha                        
           
  s re­                   
     
 wh          d         
     s a n'        
        
 c za                                   
   
 t n  "   
" ha  
 he                       
 s             
 t   sa   " 
 "h aft     (      
            
    
        
 sa    "ha  
  
   
 sa   "he                          s            
 t    ".  
""n 
" ha    0:                            
    
 f  
" al t                          
           
 hn                         
               t   
" an 
" "ner   1                                    
 t   sas     " "l      
"    
 he                        
      
       
 c xc a put  
        d                    
       
" ha  
  
 
" in  he    1                                   
 d  " sat   a hoo  1                                     
  r n   he          s a h           
 s           
 nd     
 
 s a  
 
she     
      f       
 he                           
           
 t   c an a                                d  a  a c w  
      
 sa     
      d s                        t     s "."   " in  he                                       
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 t       
    
  "lho 
                                      
 t    
" he  
he   
       d s                          ha                      s ren                                        
 sa   ""gen a  2;                                  d s i                  
" ha          
    d     
" h a     
 ha                                    s  wa cha  
 "hea  
  :           s                     
 sa  a 
" sat         
 t  xc              s  "      
 t   sat         
   s                t         
 t   sa  o             d        s     
 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 sa   
 "he  o              h                s     
" he  
"he  o     (                   h           wh a  1        
           
 h            
 sa ha                     
                 
 sa ha   (:               t                   t   
" lat   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t nt                    
           
       
 sa ha   01                                  
 sa   
 "he  o              s                ha                    
 d s it                                        d s a  
              
 sa ha       
          
  "                 ha                 
  p sat  "              
" wh a       
 c      
" ber  (  (                                  
 sa   
 " co  "hea  
 (                                   
 t    " wh  
 " hin  o                                     he                      
 sa h                    
 ha                        he                      
 c ra                                       
 ha                        
           
  s lhe   2                                    
 h ha                                       
 sa   
 "he  o              n                
     
  l  n                                 
   gh ha                                       
 sa ha   ((                
"                   wher                
      
                t  s           
  sa h   
  
              
 t      
  "      
 t   c a ho  o                          t          
  s rat   (                                    d s i                  
 n l                                        
 c xp is a ha  
 he                                       
 sa     
 he                                       
 t   sa  o               c      
     
       
 h ha                                       
 r no                                    
   
 sai                      
        
        
 n t  a to   
           sa           t           
               
 n s o  "    
 he                               
       
  d s a he                            
 ha                        
           
  s al  he                                       
 c zat                                        n  h     
  
      s an 
do           w     
 t     r       
      whe                                  
    
 
r no            s al  
                              r        
 d           
 t           
   
 said                                       s roo                                        s re­              s roo                                        he                      
 c an           t    sa               
   
  
 s    
s a      
 sa   "  
" wher                         
 h           
 t   sa     
   
" he  a    
 h h              
" h " "n                   
  w            
    c l t                     
 t              f  "n 
  
 
 
"he     
 h afa                                       
 d s a ha                                   
   r nd                  
 c r          s  s   "no               c      
" ov                                       
 t   sat        
      
 al           s         
 sa         t     sa ha    (           s                      
 t h   sa                  sh s                   
"he                      
 ns             s a ag    2                
"he                      he                      
 t              
  t n     sat  o                                     he                      
 ha                        
           
  l ha   :                                   s re­              s a h                  
"he          
          
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      t  n                     
 s an          
  ma  
       
              
         
   d s it  
                                     
 n s a he sa          
                 s          
 t    
"he    
  
" he  a po  " "no                  
  n           
      
 t   s an a   
  
   
 h he                                       
 d ha                                       
 hn                         
              d s    
"he   o    
  
 s an       
 he         

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 t   whex   
" to               
     
         
        
 c xcc o                             
 sa     
 t   
" no     
 t            
     
 hn                                        t  s ev o              sa  o                     
 t            s a pen          b                             
      
 t    n a 
  "   
 
 
 t  " he sa 
 o      
 d     
"   
 
     
        
 t hu                                t       
" to   
 
" "re:   1                                  
 t   s an 
" "nen     1                         d       xce           d         c ad            d      
  s          
 h  d        s               s a          
  sa h   " he                 h        b      "se    "ho   
      
           
                 
 sa    "no  o                                    sa  o                   shot                      
 t               
 sa   
  "hea  1 :                                   
  n l   
            "he    
                
 t al                 
                      ba                      s al              
 he                       he                      
 whe            
  
   t    c         
    d ce                               d s     
" "do    
  
 ns    
      
 hn                                        whe          
              t        
    
 no                                        t   
" an 
" "ʹ who   
    
  w    
            hae                                      s lhe    (                                   
 t  xc a 
" he sat                    t   
               d s    
    
 nd a 
                        
  
  
     
 t s ust                                        s a c 
t  " ha  
 "no                                        ghoe                                       
 ha                        
           
  c l a 3                   
 d              
 sa    "her                                      whe          
              f        
    
 t  c  s     
   s  and   in               
 s   
"    
       
    
 sa ha   31                s                  sa         
   
   "g a 
  "h            s a ha  
                
  
  t      n  c   
"he   ; 1                    
    
       
 ns   "no                                        
 hn                         
              
 t   
"he      
  
 hae                                      t   
" ban a                                      
 sa ha   ((                
"                 s a ha  
      
   
 t h       
      
      t  c  s  
  
    
 an 
" he  on                                      hae                                      whe          
              s        
    
 c w  
no  
 
"he                 
             d       
" ov                                       
 hn                         
              
 d s a 1
         d    
             g    s a   
tt                              c         
 t   wn a                                      
 hn                         t              
 ba                       
 d             
 sa     
 
 f  he  ou                                        t   sat                  
 c          
  r      "he                          t            
  r no                                 t  "   
"he   1 (       
 sa                        ha                      s an 
             s a l      
    
 hn                                        l   
   
"he                             h  "      
 d s     
"he     
                                  a pl ­                 
" h               whe                         d        
    
 fale                                     
 n r                                        n a               x  
" ove       
 s a lhe   o                                    
 s an 
dt  o    :     "              d           s  
 t  sa hi  
                     sa              he                        
" h            t   
"garo (0 (                                
  s un'  1                                    
 t  s  sat                     
          
       
 no                                        n t  i         
  
 f " yo h       
      
     
  f        
     s he  o                                     d    
" sa

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     l   
   
" m 
          n a                     
 s   h    
  ", wher                                        hae                                      s rat   (2                                   f    
 whe                       
 nd       
    
 sa  h  
  
     shot                                        hae                                      n t   a h  " 
 
" an re  o                                     n   
  ha                                   
   d c a                
"  "ge         
   b  a 
         s           
 ha                                    
  ns  ha    
            c re                                       
 t s  he     
          he  a h                                   
  f in   
"  
 "hat
   1                         wh             
 t     
  xc a   
pro                       
               t   
" hn 
    
    
 hn                   s                     
 d l                       
            
   xc id a his  o       
 ha                                    
  s un                                
 t     d s i    
 " lat(                                       
 snoe                                       
 whe       
 c ano                               
 t      
 he   o               
                    
 l                     d c                   d s a hi                                        s rat   (2                                   
    
 
sa  a pol                                        t   
"lh 
                                      
 d s it   (                                    ha                      s re                                       
 t h      "ha  
 "ʹ    
" his                             
          hae                                      n a                  
  fn a                                      
 sa    "hat                                r        
 c           
 d pu        
                               
 f  sno     
  
" t   
 "s an   sa             
 c  s ea                 
 t s       
 no                                        t   
" re    (                                  
 t s  lat                                        f  "n s it    2                                   
 sa     
ha              d l                         t        
 h   he  ou   1                                    
 n t  a 
 "he          
  c a         p 
    
  t   sa h                  
  d       
        
 ns  th           s  o  
""   "   
"he         
 ma  ʹ           
  f        
     
  
  t n a 
             
"ha                      
 t     
        
 hn                                        d s i                  
" hn e                                      d s i                  
 sat                   s   h a              d s      
"       
 nd  a              
 c  
"    
     
     
"he  u  
                 
 f              t   
" sath 
a      
 s        
 t                d s      
"  
" whe " i             
 h  
  
 sa    "      
   xc id        
       r         s    
        
 sa          h   n                        r      
 n    
        
  he         
   r    
"  
 
"  
 
    
    
 i      
"   
t the                              t        
 hn                                        f  hn                                        s re­              s a  
                 
" in  "he  a he   "       l                            
 c      
  d c   
 s an 
    
"  
ml                                        n r                    whe           l                            
        n  
" sat
  "oo                                        hae                                      a vooe   2                                    
 h ha                                       
 t   sa  o               t      
     
       
 s re                                       
 ha                        d           t  h ha                                       
 c l       
            s rar                                      s re­              s a h                  
" who  "  "he    0 h  
       
       
      
t     sa  
            
"and                    
"he                      n  "             sat                        
         w     

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 d fa                                   
   n n to   
          
                         
"he   1                   
"               d    s       b ra                                       
" he  
was  he                                       
 c rat   (                                    
 ha                        
           h   s  
sa t            
            d    
"      
 t   sno                                        t  s    
"he                             f         
 n t  a a t : t
    
"he                       
               s on     
  
   d la                                       
 t nx   a                 
"          
     per ;         "       
    
               
 sa    "h as the  o   "                      h          
" ov                                       
 t   whex   
" tea      
      
 r e              t                       sa     
    
 c       
" his                                        d ca                       h         
 n e     
                  
          
  a po  i     
  he                            c a        
 l                         d c                   s an 
do        f     
"he            d              d w         
  s  w al  
 hn                                        s rat   (0                                   s an 
an a he ha                                       
 sa   ""re­  ;0         
" h          t          
 s rat                                        t    c rat   (                                    
 sa     
 
"no                   
        
   g h    
" ha  
 he                    
                  he                   w  sat  a            
 d a 
                  
 hn                         
              hae                                      he                      
 t              
 c xp as t          s  w  andr     
"  an       
 t   t r      
        
             s         
 hn                                        r l                    
"he                      s ac             h fa                 s     
 en            hae                                       
 d ha                                       
 wher                                        s lhe    (                                   hae                                      whe          
              d        s    
 
d s     
  ".      
"    
" h i            he               m          
            
 l            "          
 nd a                                
     
s an 
d he4                                       d s a  
              
" to         d        
" s   "               s anr a he  o                        n            
  d s    
 hn                                        
 t, n to   
                                    bn                     
 sa ha                    
 t                
 d ba              
      
 f               hae                                      be                    
 c ra                                       
 d s a  
 
 t    
" wn a                                     
 hn                         
              
 hn                     c   c              d s    
   
" he  a    
  
 t       n      
 h a t      
" ber  9(                                    h  wn                        
               
 d l                   t   
            
   c lhe                                       
 sa  a 
" "ol 0                                     ha                      a pro                      
                 
 hn                         t              
 no                        
               
 t   sa     
 "got   (                                    d ca                       
         
 n c    "h 
  
 he                                 
     
" wr a 4                   n t                  sat      
 t          d s it                                        n  h     
 
       d s    
 f         
  
  n s  i s   he                                       
 c xco   
 "h a b he       
"                               f   
"ner                                        l   
   
" whe           d                  
  n      
 be                     
      
          t  s    
 whe 1                  

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     t  n       
             t  s e                   he  o           s        
 wh                wh  
 
 "he     (  
                      f   
    
 and a  %   :     
          s    
  
      
 l                                  
     bt       s               
 s a    
       
 t n    g   
"  
c afte                                      
 sa ha   ((                y                  
 
 lhe    /                                  d s e                   
"he                      t  n                     
 n r                                        d s a  
              
 wher                                        he                      
 
hn                                        w a 
 "hea  (/4;                    
    
       
 hn                                        s us "o in a     
  "             
  s            
 t   d ha                                       
 ns   "he    
"he    
  
"        
                     hae                                      r d                  h ha                        
              
 c xcs o                                
     
 al   s 
sat        
    s a               c        
 sa   
"ha   
    
    t a s                      n s  "h   z  t        
 t h          
  c a   n ba  
  
     
      
                    hae                                      t  p   
 "h oh ae0                             n      t   
" "or a 19;                                  s a sno               
    
 na        
       hae    1                                   
 c  s bn                   
                     d c                   s an 
dt       (       
    t f                 
 gre0                                       
 wher                                        t s  "ner   ;                                    be                      
 c r            
 sat    
                  
 h              ghi        d         
   
"               a he                   
 t  "         
    c a hu  
                
s       
 c r       
 c xp a  
   
"          
 t     xc ea at  
                   he   
              
    
 ha                                    w  h h              
s on    2                                   t    s  
 sai                              c         
 ns   "t he    " 
" 
"i  han                            d           hae                                      t  c   he              sa                 h     
 t             
 d s i  2                
               a   wa  for t ;                                    d s o                   l   
        hae                                      s lhe    1                                   d c                   t  "hea                                       
 hn                         
              l   
          a     
l a 
                d     "ge                 
 no                        
               
 sa   " sat    "to   3                                    t  wc 
"s o sa           
 s  a                      
 f  
t s  
 " wher                                        t  s   h  
 
          s re                                
      snoe                                       
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 d wh         h       "'l   
         d       "s  "in  he           v o                          
 c art     2                                  
 nd  n                     
               
  l i                                  h     "ha  
   
 ha                             
  w   
  
l a 
                
"     
 
     
    
 who  
    
" he    "     
 h         l       t  "      r t                           c a   sh     
" in  af
  
                      l              
 c in  a 2               
"lh                   
 whe                   s    
"        
    
 rat                                        
 t, wa ter t
                                     
 c r n                                     d s i                  
" wher       
"  h    
 
 d                   l   
   
   
  s r      t  n                  
                  t    s re                   
 f                 t    
"he    
     
           s  sat                              
 s   

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     
 bat                       
                
 c xc at   
"he   2 :   lat                                        h ha                        p              d   s     
  d s        hae                                      s  an 
d ha   1                     
              
 t   whex   
 hn                                n       
 nd  a        
  
t          c       
"    
"lho  o                                     in   
  "ber:                                
      
"he   o                   
                d s    
   
 s a he s    1                                 s rat  9;1                                   
 c  l e                                      t  s t s a h(          d s                      
   d     " pan a                     
                p a 
  sat   o        
    c                      d s i                  
"he                s     
 to             t n   " sai    
     
 t   sa            s  an         
 n  "        er                             c      
   
 t ha                              s        
 r no                                    
   l a 
                    
 c        
 c  g pu 
wa  a (     
 t    s       
  w           
 sa   " "me  
            s r r                                        whe          
              c        
    d s o          
             g    
 t   
 w  he a put                 
 n                    l   
        
         "lho                                        
 mac                he                       
 l t           x         
 t              s an 
d th   
        f   
" " o      
  d        
" cl a ) (                            d      
 c l                       en               
" he satt                                        he                      
 no                        
               
 c w  
"got    (                                   t  s    
 
" i        
 r n                                    r l                    
 f a         
  h  xpla t  
      
   r                   
   
 
 s  
    
 p  "or a                                      
 fne                                       
 t s  n 
   "he  o0                        en         
  xc 
no                               
        
t   
"h 
" andt  
  "  "  "         s                  s un'                                       
 fne                                       
 fno                                        
 sa ha   20                s                  n   
"he   1                           y        
 c  f hae           c r                          
       
"    
"he   a                  c       
        c ha  ahi   2            
                       d s   tno              h  w         n           h he                                       
 c zat                                        
 fne                                       
"he   3                  sho                       s re­               
" he                  
"he   a                   per                                        h ha                        t              f  "n t    
 t   
 shot                      
 t               whe                         d        
    ss   he                            s          
 snoe                                       
 l            
        he  o                    
 n              t  
" t"yo         
   
  fn            
        
 n 
  p f       s co   
  
  f   
" h     "l   a    
sh     
" he  
f    
   
" n                 
"     
   s lhe 1 1                                    
 f  
  
" ters gre                                       
 sa     
 w  n l                                   
    f all     1                                  
 c q os o                  c w                   d s    
 whe          
     t       hae                                      hae                                      s in 
   
 he            s up         
              r l           
        
 t n         
  s  w i  ap i    " al   (                          
  ga     
  and a                     
 t     ve  
    
" he  o               
     t   n s         
  s al          
         
   w   
sa  h       
  n s   "        r      

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     whe          
              
        
    he  o               
 hal                                        s al  ha  o                                    
 s uno 1 1                                   
  a no                        c               
 sa   
"hat     (                                  
" l t  o                  
                   t  d s   1                               d    
"m a            d s                       
 sa     
 l             p a k                s     
"       
 l         p 
heat  
                                     
 gno                                        
 l            
        
 wher                                        r d                   
 sa           i  o         
 l                 
          
     d     sho  
          
  s        d ca                                 hae                                      ghi  o             
 t   
 l        
      t  t    he         
      
  h   
  
 ha  
                       n   
  w  d  
o hw t th  
 s o 
   o     
 t    
              r              
  l a 
     
             
 r         xs  a pener                                        he                      
 mn                     h ha                        t              l   
     n  h     
         b           l            
 t   i     
   g        
  c e a n' a   " no   
    
        wh               
      he          s           
 ha                         h          h  
't s   0                                 d s    
 he        he                                       
 bn   
    w          
 s rat                                         
 hn                         
              
 and  
       t        
 t   g       
      c han                      
                 whe          
              t        y    
l a 
                            
       
 d c    s sat                               h        
 n t  ou   h        
   s          
  d       xci   
" he sas   2         w                         
 c  n l                                   d    
he   
  
 a       
      
     pt         r l              
"                  c  s  
 "ne  
 ;                              
    lha   2                                    
   
" t 
sno                                        n a                  
 he                       she                     
 lhe                                       
 sa   ""ge  he  "ho   
 he  o                                     l   
   f               
 d c            
 snot                                         h   sa ha     
 sa         d                     t    s  
 t   
 gr                                        s an 
d th             t   
"e r                    
      
 c          t   
 c sat                   "             
      t r w         
"         he                                       
" ne                                       
 no                        
               
 c xc at   
" whe   "o hh a t              
     ve                h o    
"  l he                                       
 mn                     d co                                   
    be   
 " no          d     
                f     
 t   t.  
   
 a pe  o                           d         t  ..  
 "her  1                                    
 ws td ae  o             
m                      
  for  o                
                    he                      t  " s           d      
" lat                                        an ed                                s a     
"hat  1                                    r      
" whe      
" he  o         sh                             h      t   lhe ;                                     
 t   t he                                       
" in  he                                       t   
" the  "do  o                                     p  hi                     s r                he   s  
                d s a             sa  a                      
              
 hn                     
   s              f  mac 
  "  t  "he        
       
   s  
 t   
  
       
 c que                   
                   f  ha                                    

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     v ro   (                                
   s lhe   1                                   
t   
 sa  i               
 t                   be               n      
 s r            s a ha                      
  
      
  n   
" i  as th  he s o    0                   b          
 
 str                                        
 hn                         
              t  n           
      
 t  s  "o         d  i          d         
.          d     s  
 
"on                                 
 t    and a   " he    
" fa   
 san                       
 t              d s    
   
 d ha                                       
 mac                 
"l er                                        f   
c unoe                                       
 c l t                                      r n                t  s re­                                      
 nsro  o                                     s  lhe   4;                                  
 d ba                     y                 c  wn 
    
 s one                                      
 snoe                                       
 sno                    
" cl                      d ca                       f         
 
 t ha                                y      f  sner                                        f   
gn e  ho                                        l   
   
" l t                              h       
 wher                                        c  c "lho  
     "                               y a 
   "he s a 2                        w         
 t   s un e                    n          f      
"he   ; :                      
          s ac   
 
bs   1       
 r                                       d s i                  whe                         o        
    s re­                             
        
 d fa                                   
   r ni           sa                                       
 d l                       a            t   "'li                 
          
 s         
 s sa to  1:                                   a p hap  o                 in                  
  "ho           t       f   
"         
     
 fare   1                                 t  whe   
  she                     r         d       
    n' i                      
       c  di  po             w        h                 
" ha  
  
 f  
sa                   
       t           t  " c on    1                                   
 c  he  
"pac  0       
 t                        p thi              he                                       
 sa   h  
"he                                       
 d ha                                       
 t  s  c to             
   
 s           h        
 c rat   0                                    he                      
"he                      r d                  d s it                                        hae                                      f  hn                                      r l                    
  an         
  r         "  w sat       s  w     
      wha                                       
 l            
        whe                                  
    s po a voo                                       c l                    
"he                      n s              sa             g          d              
 ns  "t th     
"lhit                                         t   h al                                        t   sat                  
 
          f        o  ou                         
              he                      he  a                    c a              d s          
          
 d l                                    
   p 
"n 
"    
" he  no   3                     
         
   d c 
       
 sn sa­          
 ha                                    n   
 he                               t       s an 
"n                                 
  c   'c 
h  
 he s   (     
     
"ol a                                      
 t  ! was a  
t thi h0                  
        
           d cl                                        t   
 when                                        h  n   
              
 hn                     
   
              hae              

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"ight therefore have been their leader, 
"
ight therefore have been their leader, 
                                     a d la   02                          o      
 c ha                wh a  
           d     
     x    
      s un'                                      m    ban                                        
 fne                                       
 nsrou                                        n l                     t           
 s    
"ge  
                          
     
    
"he   a 7                                  
" t h "d                                       s a bin  ha                                       
 fne                                       s rat 4                                      f  " hned                                        d s a  
              
 t l                                        
 sa     
h i                                      
 d s a ha                                   
   d ca                       w        
 nd a 
                              
     
 hha                                     d s o                   s av a       
 s a a li                                        r n                s an 
ha                    snon                                        f   sho   
 "h of r  (:3                                  d    
 v'  
            
 t c        a r d         c od a                              s r     sa           c a                         
  w   n t   h i             
  
s un 
  
              c          
         
 c 
sas   "            s e              d      
 sa      
 t nt                           
    
d      
"he                  be                      " ho               " h 
 
"he  "0    
s     
    
 no  l                                   b     sa  o              c a                   
 h al                                        d c                   whe                         d        
    
 fno          s                           s na   
              , t           n t     a he        a   i  a         
 b             
 sa     f   f     
 he  a                          h          whe                         
        
    cs t                                      h   sa ha     
 he                                       hae                                      he                      
 whe            
  
   s    
         
    
" din a  
 "ho  o                                     d  a ad                  
 d a        
  s   
 ha  
              
            l        
"  h   
 n   
  l              c       
"h     
" t  al   
  
 ha                              
  u     sho                t   
 h   whe                    l        
    f    
 c hai                     
  ",              n a   
                   s h s    
she    
 sa     
"i                        b                    s ro  
                                     
 t.  lhe ( (                                    f  
"he    
 "ver  1                                  
  d  a c " "in    6    "der  2                                     ns a he              l                        
"h i        
  mai                  "                s    
s an a   
  ",  no           
           
  gn a                                      
 s ul
 1                                     f  "h sad al   
           
       
  c              t   
"gato   (                     s           h  
c a he                   
           
       
 n 
sat a ol                                   n    l   
                 o                  f  "ner                                        t  n     
               n   
"          
  he  o               c    
 
a vo           
     
 gn r                                        
 wher                                        whe          t              t        o     
" ber  ;( 3                                   d c                    t  s i         
         f  
t           n  
   t  
  
  r        s r e      
    
"l    s                   l   
  "ust                                        t   
s  on                                        be                      t  n                     
" l t                    f on                                        o    hn                                        o   
 andt   ʹ       "c ea
-----------------------------------Iteration 12
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 t   sa     
 "hea  ( 2                                   hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" he sat   1(                  
                d s    
   
 t    s an 
" " "l      
 he                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 sa    "hat    (1                                  hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "ge t (         
                  
        
  s al   " he  oo                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                   
 t s a ho  
     
            
                  
 sa ha   (                
 h                 
 sa    "hat    (:                          h       
 t   sat a                                      
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     she             
    
"       
           
 sa    "hat                                h       
 t   sat      
  
 sa     
                     
 t   s  
  
 t   
" sat  o              s        
 t           
  s an 
d th  
      
 s a   
       
  d           
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0:                                  
 sa   
 "he  o              h                
     
  
 t n  "   
 s an a    
  " l t      
  
  
 s an        
 ha  1                                     
  s an 
d th   
  
    
 d s i                           
        
 t   sat          
 sa  a                       d         
   s  
 he                 s       
 t   s       
 t   sat                  
           
   s     
 t   
" anoo                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                   
 t s a po t.  he              s                        ha                      s rat                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                   
 t s a ho  
     
            
                  t    s an 
"  " sat  a  
"th     
       d s       
       
        
 t      
 t    
 sat         d c                                 
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
  
" he  a he sa   (1;                               
 sa    "hea  22;                                   
  s al   
       
 t  
  "hea                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"h   
 h       
 sa       
  d s          d a          s         
 t    
  
"he    
  
" he  a  
thafe                d  a  h     s          
 t          
 t   s a  
cl                              
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  ((                                   he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
 t  
  
 sa ha 0 ((    
  d s               "        
 t    
 sat                    
     
             
 sa    "ha  
  
 "he    
  
  
        
    
    
 t   
   
" wher   
          
 s                       
 sa    "hat                                h       
 t   sat      
  
"     
 t           
         
 t   sa     
 "he   he                         
   xc        
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
" he         
        
 t       
 t   s     
 t   sat e                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "th a       
                       

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 sa     
"he   2 1                     
            
 t   sa     
 "hea  
 (                                   
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                   s a nd  
            
       
 t  xcn                                        s an 
d th               
 t h h                        s             
 sa   "  
" he sat   1(                   
               
 s rat     (                                  
 t s  ha  1 ;                 
        
        
  s re­             s  a        
 t         
 t   sa     
   
 t   sa        
 s            
 t     
       
 t   sat     
   
"       
 t         
         
 t  xc a 
" "ter                      
   x c           
 t   sat                 
            
   x     
 t   
" sat  w  
"ho        
 s a   "l  h          
          
 t   sa        
  ns    
   
 t       
       
   
 wh  a   "h a p 
 
 
th a 
   
 "he        
  d         s      
 t   
"    
" he  
" " sat   a 2   (             "h       
       
 t   sa     
  
" he     
 he                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"    
 
       
 t        
 t   s an 
" "te "  " 
" and    
" he  
" "g  h          sa           d        s    
"            
 sa   " 
 " wher   
               
                    t  s    
 t    
 s a  
cl a 2                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"    
 
       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha                   
                   
 sa ha   :(               
 h                
 t   sa     
  
"  
"   
"  
 
 
"h   
       
 t    
" he  
"he  o                         t           
  s al      d a " " he        
       
 t        
 s an 
d    
" he sas  1;         d                        
 t s  ha  1                   
                 
  s an 
d th   
  
  h afou                                        
 d s a  
 
  
" anoo   1                                    
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 d s          d      
" anor                                        
 d ha                                       
 t    
" he  
"he  o                         
           
  s an 
d ha   1                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
 h   s a       
 t   s    
 ha                                    h  an   "           d s                      
 sa      
 s   h 
" sat  "t   "        d               
      
   
 t s anor o    (                                 
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 s       
 t   s    
 t   s an a   
  
"  
" wher                       h                d s    
 
 h af  ho                                        
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
" wher   
     
 s               
  s         
 t    
" h i  
 "ho  o               s               
    
 t   
" he  
"he     
            
 t       d           
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 
              
 c  s f  
"he    " he  
"he  o                                     he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
 t  
  
 sa ha 0 ((    
  d s               "        
 t    
 sat                    
     
             
 sa   
 "he  o   1                           d     s  
 " wher   
  
  d s          
                 
 t  xc a t ha        d    
  
"       
   
         
 t  xc a 
" "ter                      
   x c           
 sa   "  
" he  on                                        
 sa   
 "he  o              s                he                    
 t  
 s           d c                          h      
" h i  
 " 
" whe    "  
"he         
         
  
      
 t        
 t   sat        
     
  sa  "        d          
"h ea       
   
 t    
 wh                 sho  o                                  

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t  s  
"he    
  
" he  a   com a                                      
 sa ha   2(                sa                      
 t              
 t   sas     "he  ba                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t   s    
 t   
" anoo                                        t   
" sathaid    2                              
   
 t  
 t   
 sa     
  
 s an 
d ha                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 h     
"    
 
       
 t        
 t     
" he  
"he  o  o                      
              
  he  a    
  d        s lhe                      
                t    sa  
             
  
"he       
        
 t   s an 
     
      
 t   sa  o                 
          
       
 t ns   
 "hea  0                   
               
 sa   
 "he  o  (           t                
     
  
"he    
 "he  o                            h  wh     
          
"he    (                                   
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"h   
 h       
 c r       
 s a no        
        
 t    
               
 d s  ou      
 h    
  
 w      
 t           
 t   s   
" he  
w  
"ho    
 he          d                             d s a  2 
            s a ha        
 sa        
 h         
  s   
   
    
  t  
 sat                             s          
 t   sat         
         
          
         
 sa ha   : (                                 he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 t       
 sa ha   1                                    
 t   sas     " "he     
 t   
 sa              s a he                s   
"   
      
      
 sa ha   1                                    
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s anoe                                   s   
" he sa 
   
 
  
"       
 t   sa                  
 w  ano     
       
 t   sa      " he         
 n c       
        
 d s                 
 
 sai              
       
 t        
      
 t   sa     
  
  
 t s  he  on                                        t   
" he satte                                       
 d s it   (                                    hae                                      whe          
              
        
    
 t   
" he  
"he  oo                                        t   
 sat                   
                    
 sa   
 "he  o   1                           d     s  
 " wher   
  "he   0                           
  s    
" he  
"he                            h          
 t   sa     
 "hea   2                                    
 h ha                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
       
 s   
 
       
 t        
 t   sat       
   
 sho                        
 hn                         
              
 hn                     
   
              
 t   sat             
   gn                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x c co the                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 nsr th       
       
 wh                     
 sa      
  f     
" he  a ho;    "h       
 d s  ou     
           d s                    
 ha                        
           
  s an 
d th    
  
 
  d c                
        
 t   sas       
  
" h aft  ha                                   
   
 sa ha                    
        
         
 t   s an 
" "th a                         d            d s a he                  
 t        
 t       
 t   sa  "  
  
   h    
 t  sa       
           
  s                hae                                      s an 
d th               
 t s a      
  d        
 sa ha 1 (                                    
 sa   
 " satha  
                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 sa     
 h ha                                       
 t    c a h 
" "no                           
     
      
 t   sa  o                 
          
       
"  
sho  o      
   
"  
cl                                        s rat   ((                               

----- diversity:0.4----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 sa ha   (1                 
                 
    
 
d whe                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t  s  
 
 
 
sa   " "no 
   
 ha                                
   
  s an 
do   
  
  sat             d              s           
 t    
 sa h   
  
  d s    
 
 h   
               
 c  s f   
"he     
 hn                                        
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t   sa     
  
"  
t af
e                         
            
 sa    "h he            
  s  "            d       
 sat     "  
"n 
 o                         
 ns   "   
"  
sho  ae                            
      
 t   sa  o               
 t          
       
 t  s  
"he    "  
" anor                                        
 t ns   
 "he         t   " sat      
       d sa                                 
 s   
"he   
  
  
 s an         
 ha                                    s  wn a                                      
 sa ha   :0               t                  
 sa    "hat                                
       
 hae                                      hae                                      f  "lhe   2                                   s a ho   
    
 he                               
       
 t   sat      
      
 t   
" a       
         
 t  xc a 
" "t alae   1 1                                  
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   s and a ha          
  d   s              s   
 hae                                      t   
" ano  o                                     ha                      s rat                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x w ho  o                                     s  and an a o 0                              
  
 be  ou   
  
             s        
          
 c xp as t o         
     
 sa        
          
 fno                                        d c                   d s it                                        hae                                      he                      
 t              
 d s i  2               
"               d       s  c han                             s          
 t    
 wher                          h             
 d s i                    t               
 t   sat                
 
           
   s     
 hn   1                                    
 t    
 sat     
          d  a s     
            he                          
            
 t   sa     
 "hea  
 :                                   d s  ou 
              
 t s         
 t       
 he                  
                    hae                                      he                      
 sa             sa                         
             
 c xp ou 
     
       
 t    
      
 t        
 t   sat       
      
  sa  "        d           
  s   
  
 t   
"he    "ha  o  1                            d    
   
  s re­o              sh           d         
  
"he             
  xc a    
 
      
     
 sa ha   1                  
                 
 t  xc a 
" "nee   (                  
         
       
 sa ha   1                                    
 h h                   hae                                      n a                  
 t   sat               
 sa           d         
  sa      
   t      s al   
     
 sa h                  
      
            d s    
 
 
 h al                   d          
 s       
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
 t   
" sat   a  o            d  a                   
" h "t      d    
 s      
 ha                                    f  " sat  o  o                                     s  h agt                                       d s i                  
" he         
   x c wn 
   
  
     
      
 t                
 t  xc a to   
    s   
  
"  
       
   c a      
 t   sa     
"he    
  
  d     
                      
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t   sa     
  
"  
" latt    ; (                                 
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 nsr sʹ              

----- diversity:0.5----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 t    
 sa ha   1                    
               
 s rat     (                                  
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 whe       
   x 
 
  
" he s         h      "he 
 
 
   
            
 t               
 d s i              s   
 sa                s a n'  
" whe(        
 sa                    
      
   
"   
  
" al    
" he  o          
 sat                
        
              
 sa ha   (;             s a h                 
 t  
  
 no                                 
      
 fne                                       
 d c   
" anoo  2                                     ha                      s al              
 t s  he                  
" hi                
 t   sa  "               
"     
 h   s       
 t    
" he sa 
 he    
     d  a   
"h a                 
  
 t ha                      
        
       
 bn   
   
 sa        
  s a               d s        
  n   
    
 t s o      
 s  w ha  
  
" h 
" "do                       
         
      
 c 
gno                    h           
      
 t  
 t   
 sa         d             
    
       
  s un                                
 t     
 sai  t                                     
  s an 
dou a                                 
    
 a pl                                        s an 
d th             h he                       
               t   
" an 
" "he    
" t ha  
 "hea  19                   
                
  he  on (                                     t   
" sathaid    2                              h    sat  a  "th a 1                             
      
 t n   
  no              
"                 d s        
 c       
 t  s f      
  f   "  
"he                 s al     
   
 t      
 t            
      
 r no                                    
   
 sai                      t        
        
 hn                                        hae                                      he                      
 t              
 sa     
  
" per0t (                     
     
        
 t   c a cl a 2 (0                          d      
 t ns   
" he sat   1                                    
 s re                                       
 sa ha   1(                sa                 
    
 ha                                    h  an   "           c a     
        
       
 bn       
 sa        
  s a                 s    
  
" wn 
                              n       
 t   
 sat                            
           
 t   sa     
 "hea  ( 2                                   sa     
  
           
 c rat                                        
 hn                         
              t  s    
    
 t     
" his                        t               
 t    "ce    1                                   
 t   sat        
      
 he           d             s              whe                     t   
        
    
 t n h        c                  ha                      s ren                                        s re­              s a h                  
" he s a (((  hh                            d s         t     h ha                 
 t                   
 t    
" he  
w  
" the   "ha   
 "he                  
       
     
 no                                        d s a  
              
" he sa      
 h  "    
  
 h                 
 sa      
 s an 
d th  ­  "                   
    
        
 d s  ou   
    
   
  d   s  
   
 sa          d       " "pen   
  d     "  
  
t s a                s an  juse "  
    
 h i                          t   
       
 d s i   
                     
  
       
 w  no  
"ger0 2                              h      
" he  
" tel   "her  o                                     wh a  
     
 t    
    s rat                                        
 sa   ""gen a  2;                                  
 t  s  
 
" he sat   2(                                   sa     
 t            d s                sa  o               s a  
cl                  
           
         
 wher                                        d s i                  
" no         
    s     
 t                
 sa     
  
 s rat   0                                    
 c xcc

----- diversity:0.6----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 t    
"he      
" ho  o                                      
 t   sas     
"he      
        
    
 
       
 t       
 sa ha   (1                                  
 s  sat           
                h           
 hn                         
              hae                                      f  "lho                                        r d                  t n l                                        
 t   sas     " "he     
 t   
 sa    "         t   sa                        s     
"h      
 t   
" no a                       t   
         
 c xc 
"ben                   
            
       
 re                                       
 t   sat        
      
 he           d             s              f   
"hea   1(                   s rat                                        s rat   (3                                   s a pla  1                                     
  l ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 an           
         
 sa         
 sa       
 s             
  s    
"   
  
" ov                                       
 t   c in  a 
  
 "he   " s                 
    
   
 t    
 t,"  h 
 he                    
    
    
 f      
 sa ha   1 (                   
              
 s uno ((:                                   s an en" he   (                          
         
 t nt     " sa           
                   t       
 t ns   
"he   
  
  
 sa                           t    sa            hae                                      he                      
 l                     
 t    
     
     
" tis ban      s  
   
     
                   
 sa ha   ((                
"                  d s     "ha  
   " wher                  h       
"  
c       
 t    
" he sa 
   "    
 ha                               s    
  
" co he                                       
 t    "ge  a                  
                  hae                                      
 t ha                                       
 hn                         c              
 t   sa  a 1              d           d        
" h 
"t th  h he                                       
 t   whex   
"he                sa              s      
 ha                                    
  he  a   
 ha                d s                 "   
" a.      
" he   
 
 "he   11                  
       
 wh            d              s   
   
    
 t   sat      
    
" s      
   
    
         
 sa   
 "ho                        
 t a      
    
 t   
" he  
t  "ner                                       
 hn                         d              
 sa ha   ((   
            
                  hae                                      s al   " he             s a          
      n l         
"he s       
                              h  "  "he  o  1                                  
  sa h   
             
 t s re                                       
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 s a     
" he  
"      
 s  a   
sho   
  "   
"     
 he                              
        
 sa ha   10                                   
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t s uno                                      
 t   c a sat     "ha he (  
" h     
   h                      
 a po                    
 sno                      
                 
 wher                                        
 d s i              
 sat  a                    
                
 t s  fare  1;;                                
  he  a   
 ha                c a      
    
     
  whe                            t   
 s    
 nd  a 
     
" he                         
   x   
"    
" when                        t               
 t   s an 
on a   (           
                      
 hn                         
              
 d was a  
  "h        
 t     
      
 w     
" he    
"ge  
                                
    
 t   
 sa ha   1(                                   
 t    "he         
 sa      "        d s                      
 t       
"he                d ha                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   s an 
" "th 

----- diversity:0.7----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 sa ha   ((                
                  s an 
d   "ne4   4 (                                 
 sa ha   31                s                  d c      s         
  sno                                        he                      
 no                        
               
 hn                    s    
              c  gl                                        t  " c h 
"  
"he   (  "lhat  1                                     
  he  a   
  "'le                                 s     
 t   sat              
 s  
gro                                        
 no                        
               
 c xc at   
 "he   
  
  
 s al                    
       
  
        
 t   sa     
 "h  
" an 
" "ol                                       s ear  he                                       
 t    
" he  
"he  o                         d           
  s al   
         
"l a  " s      
"he                                       
 sa ha   (1                sh                 sa     
"he                 s                     
 l   
                  
 c h h     "     
 t  "he    (                     d             
 sa ha   2:    "           s                 
 c an 
" "to   
 h af    
                          
        
 t  s  
 
 
 ha                 
     
   r    
 " a  
t, "tha  
" 
the                       
        
 s    
"he   
    
 sho                           t   
     
  
"he    
 " the    
"he     
               
 hn                    s    
              d s    
  
        t   
 sat                
                       
 sa ha   (               
"                 d s it                                        s re­              s a  
                 
"he    (     
 s     
    
"                d s                   
 c and      
" he         
 s          
          
      
" no   
                  
 h               
 sa     
 
 sa ha   1                           
        
 s an 
doun     3                                  s rai    (                                   
 t    
 t s a ha  
            s     
 r               sa     
                 s al             
 t   sas           
      l   
  
"   
         s a he   
                 
"  t      
      s he  o                                     d   s  
 
"he     0   
 
 sa h      
 sa             s  on                  n       
             
 t   s a   
 
no  
 in  af                           
      
   
" wn 
                             
        
 whe      
 c a        
 t                  
 sa ha   2                  
                 
 t s a ha  
 
        
 ha  19                                    t   
" sathaid    1                               s   
"he   
  
" ho  o                                     t    s lhe   1                                    
 c xc an ri       d           t     
   s    
     
 c ar    " h a l     
  d    "s        
   s al                        
     
 hn                                        c  put       
 he                                       
 t    
 t ns   
 "he    
"ho                         
             
 sa ha   (                
 w                 c  sat    
"lho              
                         
 c xc aid a 
   
  "  "    
"h      
  ha                             
 s   
   
" tin   "  
"he   2(               "         
 s       
 t   
"lh he   2                                    
 t    sa   " 
 "lho                            w           
 sa   "he   1                                    
 t   sa  o               n            
       
 h ha                                       
 d s  "to  2                                     sa     
" sa          
 c r               c   s   "c       
 t    h ha                                       
 sa   ""n s            d          d   s    
      
    
 wher                                        n   
" he   o                       r           
   
" whe    "he           d                            d s i                  
 t   s       
   
 a pl                              
         
 d ba                                       
 t s  sat    1                                   
 l            
        d s s  

----- diversity:0.8----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 t    
" he  
 
"ha  02              s               t    s  f  he          d    
              c         
 t s a nd ha                                       
  t c w  
whe  he                                       
 sa   
 "te         
    
  w l    
   n   
 r                              
         
 t   lhe    :                         
        he         d sa                                 
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 h h       d          
   
            t    sa           s    
"he    
    
            
 d wan                   
                    f  
"he    
 ha  
  
            l    
            
  
 
 wh  h               
   
"       
 t      
  t n s               t     
  s       
   n r i ­    
" he                          
 sa         n a              
            
    c a s 
he  ou 
                                      
 fne                                       
 hn                         
              he                      
 t              s al         l   
                                    s al  
  he               
           
       
   
 
pol  2                                     d   s  
 " he       
" he  o                              
      
" wher  
  
d       
    s                    wher   :1                  
"               t    s  "s anor   1                                    
 t  s  
 t th  ea  0               
  an  i              s  he   
     
         
 d    s     
       
 sa ha   :                                   t   
 sat                   
                    he                      r s 
                    
 t             
 sa ha   1                 "g                  wh  h             
       
 hn                                        t   
" an 
" "ʹ "per ­ 1                                    
 t    
 he  on                                        h  " sat                s     
      wh                          
  n r 
      
   
 ha                                t   
  "l a
  
  
   
 sat    
          sa  "                    c r              
 t   wher                             l          
 when                                        r l                    
" he         d      "o  
""i  
 
    
      
 d s a 1                  
     
 t  r                           
         
  s an 
san ha  1 ;                  
  
             d    
  
"lho              
 r                       
 t.             c a  w  ov                                       
 sa     
"he   2 1                     
            f   
 
 
" he dou  
  
" alo     (                                  
 t s  he     
          l   
                   
 t              d ca                       s         
 t   sas        
          d s    
  
         hae                                      he                      
 sa              sat                       
 d        
     
 t  "hat  2  1                                 
  r  
 andsa         t   
" "     
 ha                              d     a  no  a         d ha               
                       s rat   21                                   
"   
sa  " "her h ; (                          s       
 ha                                    h  
sat  (                                     t   
"lh 
                                      
 sa   
 "he  o              t                wh        
  n    
  
" hin  (                                     d c                   t  qul                                        d s a  
              
" sat             h do             s         
 a              
 c xc 
"ber     (             
            h       
"he   o              h        d            
 s an 
do     
   f  "n    
                 s   
" wn a                      
 t             
" he  a sa;  sat      
 h     d      
       
    
     
 no                                        n   
" he   o                       n e                   t he                                       
 t   sas     " "th     
 t     
     
         
 t  '     
 sa ha             d             s           
 t    "he      
     
 n c             s         
 whe       
      
         
         
     
s  w

----- diversity:0.9----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 t   sas     " th      
"    
 t     
 t       
  d s    
 
" he sat    2                                   he                      
 gr                                        t   
"gasl      
 d br                                        s lhe    2                                   he                      
" whe           d          
 w  sa    
      
  r n  h        s a      
 h  g     
 h  
  
"  
 
t.  
 "h afoe    (;                                 
  "ge  a                
"h a k        
     
s a he e   
1                                 s sai   
    
       and a         
  d      xco   
    he                           t     c     
" tis te   
" lat(  2(                                   
 t   sas     
 " "     
 s   c 
sat  o         
 t    
 ba                           
  w        
 bn                                        be                    
 sa h             s      t  "              
 when  
                                     n  
" he            sa                          
            t   
 sath o                                     t   
" and  
"he     
   
        c                     
 c b han 1                                      
 wn a                      
               
 t s rat   (                                    hae                                      d s i                  
" ha          
    s     
 t        
 sa    sat                   
              
     
 ha                       
 s          
  an 
d tho                  
         
"          
 sa   "  
 c ra                          
 t    
    
 t a s th  ea     
  s   
       
        
      
  sa h   
  
  d wou                             f          
 hn                                        f  "re                                       
 t   t n t        
 ha                                    s  he  o                 
 h                 d  ra                                       a pl                      
"                 s a fhi     
       
 hn                                        d ce                       wn                         
               
 rat                                        t   
" sathaid    4                              
   t n    n s  "to                                        r l                    
"he                      h ha                        t              
 c   "ge  o              h       
              f   
"he s                       
 t n         
 ha                                       
 sa   
"be  ho                                        he                      
 c ra                                       
  ns   h 
  
 hae                                      t   
" ove                        h  
           n l                                 
 t    "lho                                        
 d a 
  
  
 sa   " 
 "fant             s a l      
               t       
 f       
 s an 
doua  0 (                             
    and a    
  
       
 sa   "     
 c an    " wher h                                      n o                    
 t  n      d s     
 t            
 n     
    
 ha                                    t   
"lh 
                                      
 sa   
 "ha  o  1                           d     
"  
p 
a has a 
  " 
"he     
         
           
 t  x     
"he   
               h a h      
        
" he said                                        he                      
 ha                        
           
  l ha   :                                   n t  h i  
           
               
         
" wher  
      
    
 d wa                    
  t c  "'   s a   
 he  a he sa  1                                    
 t  s  
 
 t th  fa    
 
" ano  a 
            h                      r         d            
n  "         
    s  " h   "h     
 wh     
  
 c e  
"lin   1                                    c l  
                 
" hn        t        s   an a               hae    2                                   he                      
 fne                                       
 an 
"  
 "hea  00                         
 m       
 l a                          n           
 he         

----- diversity:1.0----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
  s al   
       
 t s  he                                       
" who  "  
 "no                                        l   
   
" he0            s a            n   
       ha                    f                  s a plat(  51                                   
 wh    
  
" he  o           
    
" fr         
         o          r  a              c  sat   a                sa         f            ha                          ha                       t s             he                         
 t           
 t ns   "  
ne  
           
                s an     
" hi  
  
"he   " hn 
     "   "              d       "l   
" n 
    
 ha  1                                     
  ber                                        hae                                      t   
" tille    0                                  t   
 h 
tel                                        hae                                      hae                                      d s a  
              
" wh  
      
 s  h 
  
 sa   " 
   
 an    
 
d s    
 w   
     
 c r r                                        s re­              s a l                  
 t sn t                                      d s o                   
 n a                     t s                sat            t      
 wher                                        t  h ha                                       
 l            
        t  n s                   
"he            
         
 l              g       
     
     
     
 l   
                  hae                                      whe          
              a        
    
 c ben 4                                h     g sat   
          d                b        she            
                          t  p in                       
                d c                   c a p sa      h af                     
          
       n t      
 "her  220  1                                h    
" lat   1                                    whe          
              
        
    
 for   
    
" "ol                           
            he                          
            
 s an 
doua   (                                    c hat                                        t   
 c han   2          n   
                     
 s un' 4                                     
 t   t   s an 
" "he do     1       
         
      
         
 t   sa     
 "lha   1                                    t s  th                  
 t a        
        t ha                                       
 d s  in    1    
 whe           d                      
     
 sho       
 he                          d            c re                                       
 mac                sa                       
 n             
 t  n l                                   a    
sa he                            s          
 t s rat                                        n  h     
  
      l a 
                     d           
  w l a 
    
 ha                                    
  h aft                                       r n                d sa  1 e         
                  t      
  
 when                                        a pr                   
 wher                                        d c                   d  
sas                 gan                    
 d n       
                
  w      
 h a .  in te                                     
 sa    "h all  44                                    d s i                  r loo 0                                      hae                                      s re­              s a h                  
"he          
          
 ha                                    a  re oan  0                                   
 t ns   
"te " hat    (                                   
 hae                                      l   
   h  
            sho                         s lh                                        
 c rat   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              f  sno                
   
" h                g   
"lhod  1 1                                   
  " d in to   
                            

----- diversity:1.1----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 c 
sas o  
            sa  a          i                          hae                                      n a                  f   
 pno     
" a  
 "go   
(                       
           s al    
 t     s  and an             
                       
  al   
               l      c         
   ghi  
                     d               
 rat                                        
 t p in                  sa h                    
 sa              s  "ge to   1;                                   
 h h                   he                      
 whe            
  
   
    s         
    t  ..  
"no  o                                     c  sno                  
            h        
" he  a pat    
  
 c  ha  a   t      
             
  r              
  
  he a a
       d          
"       
  t    s a no                                        r n                when                        n               
 s re 
      
      
  t l                                        sa  o                   sa h              
     
 t t             
 
 whe       
               whe                     h   s        
    
" ov                                       
 sa   
  
 
 r n                             
       
  whe                 
 re                       
               he                     
" fro                                        hae                                      hae                                      he                      
 t nt                    
"          t       
"he  o   (                                 
  he  a   
 t           c l                                  
     
 sa h    
  
" l        
 t   
              d s             
 whe      
                 ha                    
 sa ha                    t                  whe                         n        h    
"be  a  (      d           
 p             t n            
 d         f          
  " sat   
  
   
 sa    "ha         hae                                      hae                                      " up he                                       
 c ver                                     
  ns  a 
"in  a 
      
 whe           h               d      
     
s al           
  
  
           
          ber                                        n a               x  
c ro                      
                 d c                   
 sa ha                    t                   s al      whe                                       
 d s a he                 
        
    s       
 t   sas                        
 n   p         
 a n  
    
  
             d s     
  
t   
  g sat                             sa         d          gha  
               d h                    l   
                   
 c xp           s roo                                          s re­              s a w                  
 
l a 
                     
              s rat  3:                                    s a n'    
  d s  "  
" he d ail      
      d   s a                    s ro  
                                     l a                     o   
        s   
"he    " for                              he                      
 l                     d ca                       
         
 t   sas     on                                      
 ha                        
           w  al                                
   
   
 c w he                                       
  y a c wa tis e     h afe                               r       
 c            
 ha                        
           
  ra3   0                             
   t n   p aned  1 ;                              
    
" wn 
                                      
 l            
        he  o                    t                l   
      
 s al                                
       whe                                  w    
"he  o    2                                
  s an er a       "   
"he            d                  t       
 d we  
   
 ha                                t   
  sho  o                                     wh a  
     
 nd a 
                      
   
   t     s al    
 t   t  xk    
      s r     
      c   g       
 r    

----- diversity:1.2----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
  "us                         
        
     
 c rat   (                                    he                      
 t l                                        d s a  
              y co          s a         " be               s anr  " the            c   c                h     n rat                                        t  an                   
 hn                         s              t   
"gout            c                          
 c rat   (                                    t   
 said                                        d s i                  
"ha  o             w       
"             r        
" wh         
  ver                                     
  t.  as a0           
 t  xc        w    c   
" his                        s ro                                        d  a  s  "d r                                       t   po   
     c a  " eve  a   b wa                              s   
    
" ov                                       
 hn                         r                      
 c ra                                       
  d s o                 s  w s       
 nd a                                
     
 ale                     
                s roo                                        
"no         s al         
     
 t       f  s    
"     
 
 d th   sa    (                             
  w l a 
  "  "lho %   2 :       
              h h         d      
" c co the                                       
 t p   
an ro              
  
                      
 t s a ha  
            
 c a b                 
 t  xc       
 wh      
 t     
"   
     
 t    
" h    
"ge  ou                                        l   
   
"he                             n  
      
 t tr a                                      
 t     g han   1                                    
 t s  ban                                        c an 
"  
"lha                                       
 t.  a he a id   o       t                       a    ano    
  
 s ar                    
  l       l        
 c a fere                                       t  h  " t  no          s a s        
   x  wn   
   c a   
 no     
  whe                      t        
 an    
t  do        sa    "n                                  
 w   
s  lhe   1(                                   n   
  c hea   2(      
 sa                 c       
"h i  "   "  
"he   " sat                       
                
 snat   0:                                   t   
" fnoi           s a  
 t    he    
          s a     
 s   
" l      
 s re­     s    
" who                     
 ba                       he                      r s 
                    
 d             c a  t he                  t          
t        
"h ab
 and 2u  
   
    
 "lh                        l   
                  
 t   f           t  "lho   2                                    
"  
t th  fo                                        ba                      d s               h s as  ou           h   s  c       
 f  
        ha                                       
 r no                                    
   
"he  a   " in                              a  ro     
" he    1  "tel                                        hae                                      s lhe    1                                   
 t  s  
d s            
 hn                                        hae                                      d c                   hae                                      ne  a
                   h                sa       
 ha                                    "  
gho                                        t  n     
               t   
"          
  be                          
        y   sat   he             s                         ha                      gha  4                  t  "h             s ro                                        s rat   (2                                   sa     
 sas           t   "n                
      
  n c      
    n s o ha4                          s           s lhe   0(                                  
  ha  a                    
" ap       h     
"hea  1 ;                                   
" a 

----- diversity:1.3----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 tr                       
 s l            n e        t                d       
"he                   s an               l a             
        
 tc        
   
" wn t      
  no                               o   
    an 
" "to   
    
 s u      
    
 w s    
      
 t hu                                r        
"h           
 snoe                                       
 fne                                       
 hn                         l              
"no                       
               hae                                      be3                     
 n t             d         
     
   r    
 t   
"re                                      s ean  
 h "        d s                      
  w ho   
 he          t     ch       s               t   
"  
        
  al         
              g        d ca                                 hae                                      r l                    
s a                sat       "       
     c ol                       
                
 hn                         
              a no     " wh     "ho                          
             l   
    
      
     
 n  
"            n a        
        r      
        
"     
"he                              s        
 whe              t                   f    ha  
    
                     c a       
 snat   1                                   
 l            
        he  o                    f                
  p 
a hhe  
                
"         
         
" ha  
  
 
"ne  
|                             s      
" ov                                       
  wha                                  
    whe                                
 n     
 t  p a 
      
" ov                                       
 d s a  
 n       
 sa  a                       t         
   d ce                      
        s rs                                 h      
 t hu                               h       
" wher      
" al    
     
                l            c rat   (                                    
 kn                                        
 sas a be  ha  a;                                    l   
   
" sat          who                                        
 hn                         
              d c                     l   
        
         
 ftr                                         ghoe                                       
 t  s  he                  
    
     
   s     
 t   f  
 f  
"h he               x 
c l d                                      
 c zat                                        a pr                   
 fno                                        no                     whe                         h        
    
"he         "'    w       
                wha                         
             t  an                    c al             
       
 sa         t     sa   
 "ne                                
      l  h                                     
  ns    
 " sat a    ((                                
 s on   
       
 t nv                                       
 r no                                    h   lhe 2                                      w n s  ha                  n             h      
"he   o        
        
 r               f   
s a rat                                         be                      
 l              
      s ha   
           n  h        
    wh a     
         
     
 t      h l                                        t    s sat                   
           l        
d ha                                       
 d c   
" sat   
sho  
           h                      
  
"he     y a    
      
  v ri                   l   
   
"          
   xc ea            t s a (  
       
  d       xci      
   s lhe a                                    n  h     
  
      whe                                  
    
 wher                                        hae                                      n o                    
 hn                                        
 sa ha   22                p                  
"   t  "lho                                        whe          
              t        
    
 
sa   a an 
an a  2  

----- diversity:1.4----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       r d                  he an t                    
              c  v it  
          he                                       
 fne                                       
 d s  " 
"got    0                            d      f  
"no           
"   
    
                  d l  a               
   gn a                                      
 bn   
    c          h  rat                                        n  
"  
"mea  o                          
         t   
 said                                        c  rat    (                                   
 t s  and h          
 d    "        
    w      
 t  w in  o                                      
 d ha                                       
"he   1 ;                 
"h              t   
 han  o                                     t  s   th                 
 wh           s       
 c re                                       
 d ha                                       
 gn a                                      
 d ba                     t                 n   
  
" upoo                                        t  s us ha  
"      " 
con  
                    
 f   
l   
     
 ns r                            t          
d s                              t  "   
 f on    2                                   ghe on                 c                    be      "               l                
       
 fne                                       
 sa   
 
 
", n he                                       
 cho                       d                
 t.s as sat  b a s                                t   
 a l a 
" "ro    &0              d                   
 t ha                                       w a 
  
 whe     
 
 hae                                      s rat  ((2                                   y    
s rin   0                                    whe          
              h        
    whe                                
 t    
" he  and a   "roo                                        t s  "al   0             hae                                      s an 
" "ha  
"no           d                      d    sho  
  
" o    
"hat  2                                    d   h 
whe0  1                                    
s  is  he t           d   
                      r l        t           
 ns          t  n                          
          d  h f
  t           s un 
         
       
   c   s     
      
 wn                         r                      
 t nv                   l                   
 t   h af        t   
"cen                                      
 d d    c  a ag                         a v      
     hae                                      o  a s "ner  4(              t           
         
 pan                                  w   
"he sa  
"in                                 s      
 sno                             
 r        
 lhe                                       
 t t a   "   " n 
 who s i                                   
 s rat  8                                     
 t   g a pear    5        r                
            
      c   zape  (                                     
 wher                                        
 d c    s mpl                                        n  h     
 s       
 d p  s                               d s    
 
"ha      
 a mo 
                
        
    
 s     
"he                       
c             t  ba                     f                lhe 2                                      a pr a /                 s an               s lhe 
   :                                  s rat   (3                                   n s    
al   w    
" h in  o                                     wh a  
     
 a pl                                        t  s e roo               
   b                    c han                                        y i 
"n   
              y a 
             g   
t  ns    
  a po  a  
"n  
o                     f              h h         d             whe                         c        
    s sat   
  "ha   1 e              p          r         w         whe                                  c    t.  
 "hea  1 (                           

----- diversity:1.5----- Generating with seed:
"glasses.  
he was still listening to the"
glasses.  
he was still listening to the                                       
 snet                    he                      
" ",            t   
" lho   2                                    
 h ha                                       
 ha                        n           
  in  he                                       
 a p l                   
 tn                      
 l                     hae                                      hae                                      be&                    
 d ti             p    "hea   |                                   
 tp                      n a 
                
"her                       s                 d c         
        
 c l t                                        s und                        w     
       o   
and a                 gli                                        hae                                      he                      
 r o                   
 wha                                  
    d s s                fn hi  
                 
 t                 l   
      
 t  x  re                    
                  t  n     
 h      
  a   ro  ha                                       
 n l                                        
 y a tst  o             n sa                      "h       
 t    
"no  o                          
         
 t ns   
 sat          
 c    
      h               
 t he                                       
 ten                     n   
       
 n    he                                
      s rno                                       wd  
   h he                                       
 c c  "proo  ((                                   d s a 2
               xzla  1             wh                         t     n  
     
 per                                        h  d s             t    l e                                      ver 1                                  s  f on                                        
 ns  so          
 sa             d             h    
   
  sa h 
   
   h   c  
    
"      
   
      
 in  ae    2                                    
 h ha                                       
"he                     
n               ghi  o                                     he                      
 and            
       
s aun       
          
" o 
                al  h  " so     
   s  l o                                      
 ha                        c           l   
             w          
           be                      h                ghi    
"he            wha                                       
 ns roo                                        v ro   :                                s   f on  
                                     lhe (                                      
  lat     1                                  s an  a
"  
"sno                                        
 bn                     
 f                d s   % mne            c a            d c                       h         
 d    wn a                                      
 sa  r   2                                 
  s u w  
"in  af
  
      
 w        
              
   t c pre3            h              n          
 sa   " sat   a 2ʹi      
   x                    d s       
   
   d s en                                      
 l            
        p 
al                  
             h       
 sat  o                       c             s  tn'  
wa    "no                                        l   
   
" h a          
 ba                                       
 sa ha   :(               b r                       
 c              a ra­         c      b r                    
 l                
    
"lhot 
                                      s lhe    *                                  
  wha                                  
    
"ha  o  1                                f   
s  
r te  
" wi   " 
                         l       
 
    
  ns  a 
  
 "        "  
tin    
 "   t    ha  
            be      
      w                          s rat   ;                                    
 c  f tw ha                                       
 wher                                        t  s a 2ʹ               d co                                 
-----------------------------------Iteration 13
----- diversity:0.1----- Generating with seed:
"t the flowers were smelling particularly"
t the flowers were smelling particularly                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                  sa       
 t      s an 
" " s            d       
"  
"he     
 ha                                    h  an   "           d c                          d      
" h a hore  2                                     d   s  
 
" he s   1  "the  1                                     
  s an 
d th   
  
    
 d s i                           
        
 t   sat          
 sa  a                       d         
   s  
 t   
" sat  
   
   
 s an a   
    
 t    
      
 t   sat         
 s a p  h                     
  s an a   
   
  d  a  
 
 
"    
" he s     
 t    
 sa  a  "    
 h         
 t   sa      "   "hea  o                                    
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 s           
 t   sa  o                      
     
       
 t   sa     
 "he    
  
 t   
       
        
 t       
 t   sat      
  sa          
"                  sai        
        
    
 t               
 sa ha   : (        t     sat                
  sat      
           d s  o                sat    
         d                         
 sa    "ha  
  
"he      " he                s   
  
      
 t      
 t   sat       
 s a ho               
            
 t         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0:                                  
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s        
 s a     
" he  
w      
 s  a   
sho     
     
     
   
" he sa 
"     
  
 he                                 
     
 t   sa     
  
 ha                             
   
  
  
"he    
 "he    
    
  whe      
           
         
   xc      
 t   sat         
    
               
         
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
"he   
    
"           
 t               
 t  xc a 
" "tel                                        
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
 t  "he                        
              
 t   sa     
  
 t   sat                      h h    
         sa     
 he                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   sa     
 "h afte  
                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 t  
  
 t   sat     "h ho     
    s         
         
 t       
 t   sa     
 
 he                                  
    
 
d s    2               
                 
 sa    "hat                                h       
 t   sat a                                      
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              
"                  sa       
 s an   
 "no                 
    
        
 t     
 sat     
  
 s  wa0rl  o                                     he                      
 t              
 t   sas     " "th a      
           
         
 sa      
 s an 
"  
 "he sa  o              
         
 t         
 s an 
dou 
                                 
    
 
d s    1               s                 s sat   " h   
      
 
d  a         s             s        
 t   sat                              
   s     
 t   
" anoo                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 sa    "hat    (1                                  hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( ((              
 
              
 s anoo                    
                   
 sa ha   :(               
 t                
 t    
" he sas  ( (                
  s              
 sa     
 t   
" he sas   "   (                
               
 sa     
 t   
" sat   a 1e  
           
  g s   "        
 s     
" he sat   ((;                                  he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "th a       
                              
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t 

----- diversity:0.2----- Generating with seed:
"t the flowers were smelling particularly"
t the flowers were smelling particularly                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x c wn 
   
  
     
      
 t                
 t   sa     
 "hea  (                                    
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    s a po the   
 "h abl   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 sa     
 
 t   sat      
  sa                 s            
 t      
 sa ha   ((                                   he                      
 t              
 sa     
 
 t   sat      
  sa                 s            
 sa     
  
 s rat   0                                    
 sa    "hea  (((                                  ha                      s ren                                        
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 d s i  1                "h              
   s   
"he   
       
          
 t    
          
 sa     
 "he    
   
  
"        
    
   
 t  
   
 sa ha   1(                        
          
 t   sa     
  
" he  a  
    
 h h            
            d s                sa  o  "            s a he  
                      h      
       
 t   sa     
 "h afo 
        
                             
 sa   
 "he  o                               
     
  
 sa ha ha   (                                    hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "he do                                        
 sa ha   ((                
"                 s a ha  
      
   
 s a po    
      
      
 t   sa               sa         
 s           
 t             
 t   sa     
 "hea  (0                                   hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sas     "no        
      
                 
     
 t  
 t  "he                                       
 t   sat        
      
 t            
         
 t   s an 
" "th a                         s            
 sa   "  
"he   o          d               d s       
 t     sa     
  
       
 t     
 sai                            s           
 t    
"he    
   
 t    s    
 t     
           
 sa     
 
 t   sat     
"  he                  
             
 sa    "hat                                h       
 t   sat      
  
 sa     
                     
 d   s  
  
" he  a  he sat   1                 s                  he                 
    
" whe           d        "he          d         sa                    
 t                
 t    
" he sas  ( (                
  s              
 sa   " sathi                                        
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sa ha ( ((              "h                  sa     
     
 t      
 t   s            
 t    
" he   
" he  
 
 t   
" anor                                        d s i                  
" he         
   x c co the                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     she             
    
"       
           
 sa   
 "he  o   2                           
     
  sa  " sat    (          d                        
 t s  ha  1                   
                 
  s an 
d th   
  
"   
" he s        
    s        
 t    
  s     
 t   
" he sat   0    
  
"   
   
  
               
 d s    
  
 s an 
d th  o                                     he                      
 t              
 t   sa  o               s      
     
       
 t   sa     
  
"  
" wher                     
 t                hae                                      he                      
 t              
 t   sat        
     
  sh           t         
 t   sat          d       
           
         
 t   sa     
 "hat
                          
 sa       
 s an 
 
 "th a             
                  
     
 ha  
                    
            
  s al      
     
 
 sa h            s       
 d         
     
 t   sa     
 t   
 s   
" sat   o                           h        
 t   sat         
   

----- diversity:0.3----- Generating with seed:
"t the flowers were smelling particularly"
t the flowers were smelling particularly                                        t   
" sathaid    1                               d   s    
  whe    "                          he                      
 t              
 t    
" he sas  1 ( (:             
  s              
 s uno  ((                                    
 sa ha   1(                sa                 sa     
 
             
 sa               sa ha           d                           
 d s a he                 
        
    
       
 t   c an a                                d     
" wher           
" he       
                
 sa     
      s an 
d    
"ho                                        
 t    
"he      
" he  
      
 t s                   ha            s a  
    
" he               sa         
            
 d s            d       
" he     
 hae                                      he                      
 whe            
  
   
    d         
    
 
d s    1               s                 s c sa ha  
           s anr         t         
 t   s    
 t     
 sa ha   1                      
             
 s rat                                        
 sa ha   ((                
"                 d s       
" he     
 t   sat      
  "   
 h              
         
 t   sa     
  
 sa   "  
  
 s r     "       
 ha                                    h  an   "            d      
       s    
  
 t  "he              
"he    
                 she                   
 t   c  s          d c                     s           
 t    " co he                               
       
 sa ha   1                                    
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     she             
    
"       
           
 t   sa     
  
 t    s re                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 t     
"h   
 h       
 t  xc    "" he s o 
        d    s                       
    
 hn                                        s rat   (3                                   
 sa ha   ((                
"                  d s     "n'  o     
  h aft         
                             
 sa    "hat                                h       
 ha                    
      
        
  s an 
d th  
     
 t   
 s        
  f  
        
 t    "he       
       s r r                                        
 fne                                       
 t   sas     
 "he     
 s     
     
 t       
 t   s    
 t   
 sai                     
      
           
 d s i                                    
 c xc an 
" "te "  "  
"h
 h  
     
  s        
      
 t       
  sa h 
   
   xc   
   
 sa           d           
   d  a s   "  
"he     
 h afa    1                                   
 t   sas     
 "he     
"h             
       
" he s    
 t           
 t           
     
 t  s   
 t  " sat  
    "h al   
    
   x                
 ha                        
           
  whe          
 s            
     
" w     
 t  "he                                       
 hn                         
              
 t   sa     
  
 sa     
 " a p o     
       
" t th  
  "he    
           s a ha                 h he                       
               
 sa    "hat                                t       
 t he                                       
 sa   
 "he  o              h                t     sa h "   " sat    
     
     
           
           
 t   s an 
" "the   1 (                                  
 s an 
dou           
 he                         
 h           
 t s rat                                        
 t   sat        
      
 sa           d         
 sa           d         
   
     
    
  
 ha                           
 t   s  
  
 sa ha     :   "t th           d              
    
        
 ha                                    h  an   "            d s                     
 t        
 