corpus length:4432803
total chars:52 nb sequences:1477588-----------------------------------Iteration 1
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"us was in bethany, in the house of simon"
us was in bethany, in the house of simon; i will the earthy his sons of israel.

18:10 for the lord said, he hath had said, are from the earth.

10:20 reigned them, so the lord hath not be thy god, that were about the bread of the people had of them, and for thee, that they left the priest that i have seekred builded to me, and sureth the hand of the wite, and passed in jehoiam from the lord, lest not with it, and drew nvess of the warls, and the coancecprities of ashablis, that they shall go again this his soul.

19:20 and they shall not shall be stood.

7:18 and a lord ye sent to the hearck of the even, and said unto them, saying, shall god to delivered with from the hand of the bread, that he said, call also for her things are whites to
god.

11:26 for they upon their four sons of jehosham, when the border are oireth himself ye in the heaven, the his days of his capting, and to the land of the lord of pall, and shell thee days, and that the deprot of the words of the camps of the king shall go before the armous shall she great things, and the wicked that were before
the midst of the cangregation; and the
sepers is the people of hosts.

10:32 and jesus were stone for it, and have days the tribes of god of the couns acczesing not
the priest of the offering thou shall be to the
passarion of the mouth, and
the lord hath cut awaketh one his strangers; and thou shalt thine enter of the sons of israel, and a stranger that thou shalt be for the of the lord of the chambles.

8:11 and as the lord: and they cause every great chomsether the preachetion: and the call of the men were and of the command, and a soat of israel they great sore, and the geuldness that of the lord that hath spake upon the hand of and but the heard.

47:17 and it came unto
the land of the house of jerusha the lord.

4:11 then say unto thee.

11:33 and the lord was blight to
their ceases.

26:27 and levile it is all the so.

29:13 and they the assem of the part is brethrengeran, that is the people which were to the beast of the god of
the land of the children of israel were a seprosueds of the son of armaws the hearcken
of the lord which the lord that shall not concernile together: and if thou call not known upon their mother; and he that hath son of the cutten of the earreth because he had abner and thine ears to deacher with the sons of god of the lord, and the counsel of the captivity of the uncapers, and god in the wilderness, and shall be look for the people of the lord.

13:13 and the land shall not the lord that is with them, and they theflor hid an lam and among thee, and the lame of kingdron, and the king, and have thou shall be the commandment of the lord the ears in the
lord that he to entered himself for a
flesh.

15:17 and the seed of the lord of the flesher of the city of the god of the working that midaman and the lord the house of the present of the house of jerem: and named as said to say that the field of the lame which said, he hunged you, or that shall not beard us the wilderness with in the be
carth.

11:20 and so command the four of the silver of thee.

4:14 and the lord that were for her trust in the clood of the corm are whom they day to the clean of him that were serve fare mount down, and went down all the foor, and the with for
the strong men set away the topher, because that they shall not lived up carrzed by
to all the children of man? and when the trumble of armell misfuse our city, because they cause the morimes shall pass away to his soul with my
priest: the gather of the word of the lord
will did my blood thou shewed the children of israel  what which that is multiple by him.

1:33 and the days of god that day for their days to warn, and be brought out of the god, and rest the word of the lord: and abimed with them down unto them, and went me the wilderaring from me.

10:22 and the lord said, the comes that were a weng when the lord said, the rack is my sons, and they cause the work of the osenar of them, and said, they are the law of the lord are to the all the faith of a many of the sees of the beast of the lord and again upon the waters and the lord hath said, for the sons of the armeths is it is away, whom they were away forves: and according to thee, that i will creen's stand up the land from the armeth; and he that from the lord hath laid up men and sin for thee in the stown it of the wide of all the lord shall come even to the sons of all percessons, and he called to the people, and them mountain the lord it becor of the cried of the winess which the prophets was before us, and abomiah is done for the people of the friend of the light, and the sose of the face of his lord, and the man of the camp, and the fide of them that thou shall not be in the wifes of his put and the words of the lord, and as dark he without and the king: and it came to pass, when they shall see it those to dan as the lord of the time of the
earth shall come up up the works of his house.

18:10 and they shall not and the word of the lord.

12:14 then said, they call thee, and he is called jebushar, and sevent burn shall said unto him, or faith sheme with us of the citaes of barled.

1:31 and all that the tresphit of the wancould of the name of trees; and they came and all that had the mount of the seven high man that is not upon the children of israel, my children of god, it is the words of the field that came up in the men to him, that i slay thee in them, it is lend abouted upon the sons of abraham, and be said, the lord said, away went upon war not bring him,
of the lord.

32:19 and moses is ancchon the men of the lord.

37:13 and the lord for them by the city of jesus: and
they were
fathers, thou shalt for it.

14:10 and the land is a thousand say, and he said unto him, and make the sons of the
arman of the children of israel, as sorrow house of the cities of the sons of menty shall above methished; for the army shall set their from the present with him into the
people.

10:22 and they saids
unto the light, and shall be the sons of egypt great of them
to the possess of the from the soury.

3:20 and the lord is the lord will they is the seed ye that be because the house of jerusalem, when ye shall not shall not be toward the wildorous, and upon the selve and that thou shalt aswelity the lord hath answered thee the
with of me, whom the transgess of you was as a man
thee the children of israel of life house of the
se; the people shall abight upon the captiving of the samaria which was whom they were in the sefore of the high is
praye in the
land of the fields of god of the people shall come into the mans of their trust captains.

53:13 and then shall as the multitudes there that thou shalt not be full with with him, o secred his sons, that thou come to pass, they had the lord said, i have to the word of the people of the lord of the lord, and cast in one 
whose sepulchre it is able to me,
the dead of her say unto the tabernacle lamoon, and the lord unto them, saith the lord.

4:10 and the servant said, the sons of the tabernacle and jeass of the son of his prophets: i will get refise them upon thee there, and after the land of lekirabar all that is being and receive them out that are the
first of jerusalem, and the men of my breast of the prophets god of the wirns and holy forped, then our harust the sigh, place, and with the lord jesus the better.

12:16 the stirvaineth porger of the burnt of soctet; and it is with fier to be be
the people whose love every beglete at as make thee, but the hearth out of the art shall pass of as god leven them that may abraham the faith gat days the even the borders shind.

24:2 and they knowing the same which is now may and mourn the lawd of the children of egypt thy sons and as said, but the in commanded of
the bure.

9:10 and they was blessed them upon the heart: and a man of the power god with the men of the hand of the people that was see , because he for the lord and the cities, and as a peace of the counsels as about in the beast of the
end of the corld.

19:12 now i will is a solomon, and it law to pass, and he shall so bring thee in them on the lord.

3:2 and he shall sent them in the lord bepied thee and be as mine tabeass upon thy soy, whoso eat give him all the streaters, we dwell about the armoned of the cherubiman.

15:10 but i shall be it greates, i saw to we belield; 2:13 and it came to possess and his befor eding to the hear gode and cleans after the children of israel hare with me of the country whole of god of the son of israel cruif the sound of the lord, and a mes of the land, and he that refuse thee clean let us about them with a stand, and that is to anwahiah, say,
the lord.

20:29 and they had that say unto the cities, and for the wilderword of the end of the seven, and all the mantowilo are son to ashak inone shall be according to the way of the
lord,
with me, it shall is that they shall be stood for the men of debelatess.

19:40 and he troubled before the lord, and the lame of the lord, bring the lame of the house of eliah, and live about and wearkness: and thou shalt be in with them.

4:1 then he heard his way which ye burnt the god of the land of the people for the people if
the lord god, and said unto them, the hand i hust the trumbites of the lord.

39:19 and he shall put thee it any eat with them, and solomon the need of the wide of the four cities.

24:17 and he shall be done for the mountain of the place and god, and break from his tribes, and the lord for a side of the thy sons: 2:41 and the word of them that lord shall be your garment to the beaunite of god, and him of the hand of the peace of the chaldersong before when the men of manashiah: and my vilait of my sock which was a remept and according to the priests, and a king as he aughtow the appeared that may for from the nother of jerusalem of the heaven.

13:17 and he said unto them, in the lord look, and it came up
ou fury in thy so

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"us was in bethany, in the house of simon"
us was in bethany, in the house of simon of heak is with a men of the put the lord, therefore they was list the spoil of jesus thy son in the not in the men times, say unto me, what the lord left the firsting and them in the men thereof and about the men of morution he that be
spake him all the brighters of the alvan seard through
the possess of moab, and speaked my mentied to me
within again in the sacressgord.

3:10 and the name were hambled for the congregand were told the gignt of the bullorisances.

10:11 and the peiness is in the matter of the field of my soul.

3:27 and is therefore, and then calleth the house, if it came to pass, thus saith the lord, they was every such in the cherustives: 23:4 be as prophet it with the yes,
and also thou that were theye: but the danation of the pereve of the work of my pestire, and the lord thereof let thee, of the wife, if there lede's god, and then mordan, the hand of her end went the pisen of the lord they for our
children of the priests that ye shall shall see and thee; 4:13 and they shall be arise of the usuffell, and to known and mide the segyning from as we that days whosoever is thy god is to be the fat poss manst of your days.

11::26 i liveth eepmereal grach, whosoevers hath break the place and
for the words of the citians of them that were by them, which he knowest it to possess that sent whom therefore i may be yether for a men the words of the earth, whom if thy burnt things the men before the mountains of their command against jacob into the moreons that wricked not not then years but my
presence with the faithwards
the house of his land and strilied the people came upon the god, eyeped; and their honour appoing the high thereof with the hieking
it away received of thee; and they are for i will tent together eat hungred shall awake the walat in to the with light of hiaty house the words of the lord?  2:19 and they had the grech
worth out of the foors, and blessed the prayet prayess the garments of ammon.

21:33 and the fear life the mouthing aborter and will as the dead, to the werhar it is there ye the fears.

6:22 and they beead, and burn streend from the land of his name of philattan for the king, and night wolling it shall he shall fear thee all all the secret of the time of the sons of god sit it with him,
and i will call not awaited the
man not before you, saying, saying, what can prayely great offering citiest toget of me.

26:34 and when jesus shall have sons and four to children and flookrema: i mackishimed the tephevers, and judah was for horse to renected to them rest into their ways.

10:18 and god hath set him, whosoever they that was not present shutald and
the lord
a croungles, that i became to cast and sose with of the sons of amronawah it were again their commandy from the be that from the god took with the king; or
come to him, be not said, the palament man to known the people
a shiroitation, and seven haught fund of the armures.

12:17 and it came to passeth, and the time of the lord.

2:3 and ye liveth, and have rebelan servacered the lord look in
their flestanees, and brought them, his hart said unto me, and is all the lord of the lord shall ballest like their wise to mourn and believed for the fapoll of the your soundard of the ceary of the iniquity a manters be ye with the sons of his
moat to drives.

16:27 and the your made shall be with them, and because the people it not that destroy in the god, he shall called wicked, and be said, thy lord away from the lord, and all the congregation.

1:22 and they were toments with hone, and ye pharaoal thou go the
given time in godness.

44:16 so took thooe there was a sound; and diw clean upon before the lord with the prays god round the covenant is a slew are an
hanlnations.

29:5 and newidiah that the son of god shall go out the day and said, the cities of jehoia, when said was thus, that mourn and all those that were list so that have shall be seed by dand how my way upon the people become.

1:13 and they shall not called up, the aller of the midst be hung, and there had said unto
him in the lord had burn call and persons unto me, and said unto the choishers of the wide, and shall be she, and all strongment was that were with the waples, and if the corrzaiah of the
alavengh.

14:33 and it came to possess together life, and said, is for my faith, to whosoever had it had become down of the lord; they said unto himself was sheel: in retes was for the mountain of the days of samaria himself when they were luban withinto
the god of all the work of
the land.

20:5:
dether caled set them; when now accordenot also not good with up.

12:23 and it srael out with up by beai unto a writitimes: or he croused them, and was by the son of his mand.

26:17 but their thene therefore but said, man.

6:16 the lord commandunited answered, and thy sons were with thee; but the leepeth therefore said, that they did this the law and was it to saras the
children of an, eat the sonventhy call it,
and said, and was blood with their hark and stand, and he called for a hundred and himself that
man, and harled if the burnenongers of it as it dwell that cause not hat the cities of manah; the god of their nations, word upon the people.

10:19 and the lord is the words of the waters of thee, and i will set upon all your fulless. and they have bring the hill is
as the armotiel. and neverchand said, the grest life before the land,
snare gooded mest, that he shall cast struibar; and every thy palate whoso feltes that they are goet, and open is the earth of me, into the lord, saying,
saith the lord shall be their lent call there?  14:5 and the aboming that is a sabbath shall destroy up it upon the hand of the lord,
i knowush the place that came to pass of lead.

44:16 and me, and make my inhaking from it in the house of the first that may be the place and any said, and not blion silver and sown aborabits; and wreepias, break is gurpacor, and upon the words of
me about the lord, what was be also with him, and gave all the bread.

13:3 and they said, set that which appoint thef
thou also were for the hear
unto all a make, and shall know the people of the hichen it clothed and an encrets armiel.

14:39 and thou shalt did lew, the midst not not mone hand say unto them, then upon fielder he was a man of the vallers and four up up and
and away with before in a laid that i may be first and offered it? lest before them in their word upon thee.

14:29 these there shall blechoundeth, and a vessen of the city of me.

1:42 then said the hearn of the spoil.

10:11 therefore they see it upon the wilderword of ever.

17:10 i will get me king into the lord, and not peapted the people
thou is because the mouth;
and then
the sons of the command of the land be and idols are received to the mountains things, that they that came up for a shourder counsel thee.

34:10 and when the earnes shall said, it came to pass, whosoever are seek man and remembran in the hif command whom that were bread pallages, and sure me as he work from the judgments of israel.

3:10 and they shall not be slain.

3:11 and they cause he as people, and harm mamblity to their did, for have the word
of the hand of the cities of the topherso.

18:22 then hear the third sons
shall foung it upon the portione have cities: if thou ; and the heart of a hamishuble four hast part, that is he without the hand of the pourcovent, and the separ of head was like you, and for them for the hand of the children of jaonass which he hath god away and befoll.

20:12 then said, the newer of the third said unto it: and laking that was at
generuel, 
1:19 and as he lifted as year the wast that did the trespestime which came to all israel and thright: 14:21 and the councels that thou the field of jerjohan gather in the lord of jehonasan for the which
israil.

10:32 and the hand of the lord that dry for men peasteclest.

1:33 but ye is the uppetary of bread palation from the sons of ashals as the city; then the priest shall did annees the handful by the councecles.

11:19 now answered compassed written.

19:18 then the alvershan thou came to passed, and the first eat because them in the children of you, and here anrek with the lord and the families of david
said,  even all the thousand thou shall not for the actients that were not from a string oirs: and awar he is hattreng from the tribes of heaven,
and the lord of the field and before the lord.

15:11 therefore, so the cattle which ye ye drew adver seventy it upon the priests of hars with you and thright, he not fellow: i entan, and went neitown thine ears and fat themselves of thee,
said unto it? i when the
seeking that some and sevent thened dreweth.

20:5 and jesus shall said unto me, that he break in here ram, and said to your people, aitter said, and he heard thee and heard
their sons.

20:4 o shall set he as beet thee from men and all the god of the people, and the word of god, said unto
them, i have heard all three of mamed,
and ye border at a multitud of the mouth of the crupt that that were therebate in eat
fruit
drivest? and they
put whome did make their not mourn shall as the lord of the lord shall be from their people.

24:30 and the lord side the handion, and let us before bear them, remembered of the offering taketh
our altar.

39:1 and they heard it to bee; 12:11 and she lain unto the vineys of the feats of the candles of the levites, and dowed the tribes, but a
more of the trusting of the lord the mours shall be emke up the for so was washuaver.

37:2 and speak that is
this waben dandge out of aaron, the lord that i shall saith to
you, which hath instee leas, which god thereof am make them the sons of arisaul as am, and the guing's long which amoriah shall be upon me, burliah carred him, i shew you: for thou shalt not he crepemad: i set in the bores of farish.

15:6 for the break of the prince of the lord said, upon pass and a
-----------------------------------Iteration 2
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"fore make a new cart, and take two milch"
fore make a new cart, and take two milch in the word of the angel of gath.

1:12 and the men of rameel men all the wond of israel and an things that shall do it over with thee, and not wait in the years, and the lord of my sons, set thee and his covenast.

22:16 and the son of one of the lord shall rame all thee.

2:1 who is not destroyed unto him to do all the sons of asser, it that and the work of the deather was grafnery, and is place upon them, the lord salved them ajel, and be betweeth out, and they did and the children of one love to dried in the carriets of the wappred of the sons of the truth.

11:7 shall be blord, that they will it in men thereof, the lord of thee david preached to his honour that were the fearen, and put unto them.

16:6 i is no lord with the lord that layed and not come and forth and leared.

14:10 and they did against the assers that were come to thee, then was in the best of the lord
have setted not the came of the words of the holy sight, and was like thee.

6:2 they go down to another, and a day of the land and sacrifice, where the turnets of the men of the earth of the covenant of the comforts of the midst of the thousand of it, and have not be his hongues: but he is left and solomons.

2:9 the son of god shall be come to the lord, which were one of the sons of the lord, and the holy owners of the people that was one one of the among the son of israel and the king of the thesurate, or of his israss which was before the lord hath made with all the lord of the lord of the sent of the days of his tominist, the lord voich
into they an house of the time of percerphah are the word of the sunbail which deliver him onest for hiss thereof; and he was first to his sins, or forgotered from thee.

46:38 the lord of the ark of the lord was not come to the lord, the left of the lord shall go in the fror all things to liveth unto them, the children of e said, will i shall be the feelles, and the son of israel, and in the son of the kings of the tumelts of the testnion of it, they were come to the and the lord of the lord: and it came to pass, and they came to the covenant of sight.

19:34 wherefore i shall be fire the priest of the land of be offering over the work of the
children of let shall sent continual, shall they shall be king with thee
unto the lord  betweenth, saying, over the tribe of the sons of understanding and with give
thee to out of the mother of god; and all nor the wail be upon the lord.

14:24 and they walked unto feals.

62:24 and the
set of the cloud were their fa his fathers, and me to with heart, and they wast to laid upon the tances of the voice of the sunts of jesus shall rein the ark of the band, that thou hast bring thee: and shill like unto thee.

28:16 and they went unto the bordle from the congregation of the sanctuary of the other seatness from the temptions, which art mercy not to go shall saying, and jordan, and
sinned and to his hands from the field, and things that committed in the lord
hath cometh in the camilites of the sanctuary, because he were burn bind fekled unto them: 14:8 the all of his words, and idel and the holy one of israel, one of all knowring and safted, and wearted ye two hones, and for hir, and they was drink unto me, or he said unto them to cover the priest fled the people of the wions of the lord which he took thee, and the first come of the nights of the son of judgment, and
thou hath
twenty preid the words that was to them in the people, and to some the carace.

3:16 the sons of isrark was the horst of the son of all nor thy man concerning the and fleth shall carrifteth to thees
upon the saints of the altar: where said unto them, and forbid the sons of mine hands of the hongoo, when they say unto them, the work of the dones of the people that were the woy of the door and the wilderness
of the gate, o god: and i destroyed all the
sea of the bord of the things of the sons of israel stused my testle of the smoked came and man that game thyself with them.

24:19 and they wast in the angel of the thirds of the next of the lord charge against the priest of the fierce of simon, because they shall do them, and the father one that have not bring me on the people, and yet the foor years of heat; 12:14 and they shall say unto them.

14:9 when we will ye shall the earth; and have come to them on the great way of the pharaoh as the word of the lord god and the end of the sons, and whereing hath for him.

22:1 then they have to sedast on the horse of the feast of the way of the camels of the country, and there of their god
is solompes, and deliver me into him, white the son of the wall of the barst of the son of nerimiah shall be destroyed me, and the stplest of the live
away became in the both of the oldimlen of the men of the word of the tribes of come and in the briwiteth of the land of the lord would gone into all the month of god of the tomen of every time to streng to the julhost was with him the men of the altar of the need of the perplicand: one made ye die up the children of refrol's sight of war, and of the way of the wilderness, and that love thee filled have his works, and hate himself against the lord of asure of the land of breaned.

7:17 and he hath his priests to judgments, and i made a woman that did me and for it; and they
shall saying to the name of the lord of the sons of gone of sacks, there not with thee
woncruttess and seen not and travail, and
for him, and shall be go into the live of the days of the lord forth away with himself.

14:18 and when i will some the altar of the lord of a long of the covenant of the first of the tribes, and the people came to abraham, and shall be the servants of the mouths of the first of the lord father to seek him on the same, and the sin of the work of the lord of the such was not accested out of the lord of the way of the lord that was first forth and forth forth round about, and shepherd thousand, and a blind: and it was passed up sear the graven that shall returned the two men of the lord, and the covenant of the sea
of the horsel, and it is would put to do him to calles, besold, they seek, and they was forth me, o ho man thereof, and all the treasmet of the fearts of the hearts of the temple that had not saying, and thou shalt string upon thee not all the end of asser the one of the wilderness of the feeding, they have revealled on all thee, saying, who shall shall first the people, there that took him that god was not would for the children of the one of the wicked of the lord are his ancly that took plaiten the sea of the shall field the wind of the shine
shall like their
consumes and in, and put him before the field of the lord of the sons of god, which they said unto them, and parted unto the gate, to said unto me, and the name of the sin of david and went and the sons of behold, that they shall be with the destion of mindlen: and they shall say unto
them.

1:18 but they sayed, and they shall not dever them, they all worked to the lord things
that is thee all the son of aother all the reyner
of deliver, and the ungold gave the leapeth of judah and again and will in the campser shall be the word of the place, who is his faces, the man were of the son of shith, saying, which is the first in the thirds of the father of the children of asile the fourdes of the spirits of the lord god, wherebling smecketheth not himself and the holy, the children of israel shall fear over as the ark of the wilderness, and by the anciple, is came to jacob.

25:12 and he said, he that was an men, o children of the were fled shall not have bother: and is the sons of shall
shall saying unto them to the lord of the wife of the doate which are a fiftele of the day of the covenart of
which is not with the words of the bord had hidare very.

2:20 and the set of the lord compered to the lord of david, and beginen from the also of the lord of the lord, and the lord hath prepared thee.

4:8 the testrions of soll have one silver romse, and they sent thee, whose shall be consume on the owulles of ammon, and seated
and the
kings of the inheritance, and bedwere to the others of the time of the midst of the time of the lord were for light, and which is me in the hand of the house of jesus
from the belover, and to hear.

14:28 and they might being upflees, the mercy and thou have not be pethed not the way of the basides of the children of the carrifions, and mercyl to the sons of the lord of the testimony of thy name shall be come to life,
and they behold, and the sons of sached
from the son of burnt offerings, by the lord of the bordons of the priests greatly and heart, and with the covenant of the lord of the house which saying unto ever.

13:27 and he shall caused the congregation of the wilderness of the carriets of the land of the day of the head of the words of the tents of the land
of the covenant of the elder of the that fitterest the lord of the people was side, and stand in the house of rose, and which went unto them, a done of the trespass of there is forevine your things, which was will with of the newll of the sons of judah, and set in the tabernacle of the tribes of the truth of the son of a man of son to with sime him, even the holy owwilt to the people
have to he upontoward upon the remptate of the coveringateo, there is not in.

1:1 and not thou hast
thereof, his altar, therefore they sent a forled down by the two ethith took answer, and the
revent of the holy children of himor, lord, which came according and his neiohs.

11:2 but they was the face of the syrint, they came to and lest not many
more on the people, and the word of the horse of themselves were with the land of israel, and set the camp, and the lord of the lord is perped.

14:15 lame and the people came and man for the country one of the wildernests of the nether be time
thereon: the next that is not destroye the man of the temple, and the son of pash there that work the contenss of the coven

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"fore make a new cart, and take two milch"
fore make a new cart, and take two milchors, saying, seek them and coventy unto the time of summeryrtance to before the people of the dry dangs of god which come to recompine shall put than man, and o praise.

22:25 the whole month the budity of the gate, and strange hisn lillay from the un; as as there shall not saying unto me and soul in the lord.

14:3 and he that were incenting one of thy comborts, when the king gat from a brass of the corn of whose
which was an high two sons of saith
shall alimin theresed: shall who will not come to me the fire shall sayed the received meltle to the third
of thee; they arise, therefore and if more forth was roots: the children of reasted the hear of the men of the horse of the earth; and he may be pe.

1::1 fortine mort upon the children of yousings.

1:10 and the son of haot shall i shall le.

25:15 therefore said unto the lord things, there were not unto them, and hand, and a ancombare off
a ass: he shall not did their sons, and hear vombare to all things over from the philisy of the man with order the flesh giletdout, and arm not hear therein.

18:3 thou
manul
after the nor of hany.

24:13 and he not dectired: therefore shall be gate them? not come the right of the fathers of the tabernences,
and will i asmen the mountain of the lord, they have made at the sons of israel was david, and him made my fathers, the camp, in the tangess of the covenant of naziot, the land said, ye go in the gonses of the time trees
the lord.

3:22 no love with the sheep of an young in the city, as this was there
asked an us
and ses, and was noteth the
lord, every man, and who of judgment ye entir thee
thee, which had takes a upon the other own
men.

6:26 and joseph said unto them, when went that speke up earth; and the dust which epert deliver
thee.

1:23 and he had not have betweenth to the lord from thee piel before it, and before the endyvpares of the calles of the tenders of the house of sheah.

21:2 men were betterant that thou shalt not not knowledgeth.

115:9 not it doateth in thee of all inijoice into the word of the twenty man of their ways, and who will i am the more, and is hands, that he might be delivered.

34:1 when he command, and one will i have rotted to the gettines of the gons of the turning of thee.

10:25 and the son of put if they that word befwleed in the lord in the corn god of birew upon the first of the heathen of thee.

8:3 and they said unto them: and, and there is the lord fled concerning thee and holy life, the
davir
dended on the sayings of the
people, and ye dives before thee into a highos.

2:31 i gave him to the hongs of the gate, wherefore
more written up
him in the land of israel, whether shall called the shipp have it recearated thee; but it is not be amech.

5:42 and they gave thee, and the lord the voice of them as they made the sons of against the shreen that spake them
to increase and keep in the oxens of that feareth forth king there of trown cubliccteth hide theesoyes, wasted year readle that ye did write into abittay and the mitcels, seeent into the hebrae shall be us to son, in the gardent, and believe covers, that he was all mandeth not and crigner: who gatest the content of a perces of the son of perzerah, and askem with
theer that ye rested shall with david; and thou hast issian, because on his fiest, that they shall like him, and not have the lord jaren came and with the house
of the words of ity him refore, and they have return in
the angels, and having me with his hearts, the gates hath made thee to seek him forth the kings of his four, and the eders of the feanth of god.

1:14 and she took him
into the transgressoots of the place.

18:5 for it came to pararan, and there is fear to the house of lest, and on the destrianees, prayer, and have put thee with the midst of the wonn thing,
there are with called, which with the sons of josiah the sistes that sungoind it of wachual thereoned fled in the came of the house of my god, come them, and distrent have great that two thousand unto them, cherubiah a come to wearel
from the do there in the sons of seven and hertorces, were according of the lord of the ishold of the a shall like thee not their betternant to
petabah thereon: 19:24 shall
nuth his cord, and brought in the transgressesion of the words, i exalt him downling out and of five of the lord, and they
of the thousand of the graven, or like not returned thee
down congrees to say, palset that he said not the graven two evil, and prevail in those in the inhabitants of the thef; there is a goul, and which i come to anberdable took
the
hongs of itbaken: for deliver, with thee, and
set brung to the people, or wherevanted stand himself to him to return into the cover that came a wives not he not will inteate me to the firstation of the selver of judah, there david said unto him, i will give and into him twenty gentesthit?  9:4 in the holy one of israel were the house: but in heaphites were through his whatlent
thereing him,
and david thy man saw her fathers:
and an horse saming sons against me, and in the sight of the words of them is with the hearts unto the lord that are words, and have thou have not lifted upon the sons of
the shall that is the house of a lord of the great of the lord came.

22:18 and thou shalt be against the whorter of the lord: and the seven of the one of their fathers: the day is not bemid, and israelg
thing, they have all aloun, saying, thine earth also they filled dederd fromsmervent to sheep unto them.

26:13 and as he sacrif stone, in the lord of the words which took him there cast on it, and they delivers amst, and a grace, look in the lord own thereon:
and they spake in? and all the covenant of his people, and the fuck of the lord come up them
one upon the stpents, and of him, and in the ass, now the first which which have no wrath, and thou callest by my selver forcy in the king of israel in the men; and sight eateth unto blood, and it shall
priest to the asser, and against their days, and brunt
wrothest against him not to hear.

2:18 the fock of thee of me, when they pros with thee; there is reward framont and that have not served the be my day.

11:24 the lord of the child now shall a ciustress to their stand, and before, we should besalew of the gentiles, and it went into stranger unto
them unto them.

13:14 and joseph are do trees, and when the lord committed my thing.

2:14 and he shall peace with his years, and unto them, and they made yat.

26:11 therefore i sat
him.

9:1 behold, who took the people, thou hast strongered and pertost, and unto thee.

6:34 thou hast lay in the mother of the shept of the house, they and let them to the concreson of the children of israel, and cave unto the lord, which shall do refor on thee; the lord were hake his great women sedates, but i sufferel into the graves, the son of reunsure in the tribe
of the day in the man answer in the inheritance of his hand, not the spoil is one one
on the gattle shall with his candlesting to sheble even innrirdon in the gates.

8:8 and ye have hidded all the work of the sett of their hands, with the spirit of the lord of the son of a two offerings of the cornel in the wine.

26:15 but the wall shall wirh, and
come to sad, where was grace host thy coming: therefore was
according to deliver.

68:1 and ye gave sins, the catters of eze was not cast before the a table of the sese of the flesh: for he that is limn not conciples.

6:3 and when the testive in janita: and when solomon know a bortward iniquity.

22:22 for they shall seek the seas of neft: o am the word of the way of the od
imids.

28:11 and they came downaat a lives, and there there went unto the certive of the came of the man thereof, phalients were make thee for the lives,
and such down themselves: which have have hear; out of the lord, which cryeth to all to the fiftity?  40:4 and unto the lord, then shall as the son of granty city, and when written is destroyed.

6:5 what were to shalt the land of with pharaoh is a prophes, saying, the charge of the done of the lord of the month young men with the steath of man let the foot of egypt; and wrought the candicer of the lordiahs, as they was his fiding, and fill offerened thereunt, as they make aburnact, toesimy shall be to their like after man between the tribornes
of thine old that is pass, and rose
him at the lord of the revent of the ark of the son of man, women divost before the endess of the reat, that when blood shall strength into mercy, were will in the earth to be mercified; they said, i not the nor lord the son of much was saying, or the sons of what were before all 
iniquity, and what is of his children upon the piel that
ask in the house of the bolt to came to thee and man contuuphaly to jerusalem, the lord, they shall come not all thee: it is the door of the
histres, when they that spake him,
as live over it shall my womet unto them not searcheation, on i are the corns of the other ways sage to ashame.

24:10 and jehoiakle and to not is great voice, the altar, to the fear of the way of many things, and in the king of joseph is with
called. and they go and betwely forth also in the lord that reing my
tother from the comerirusth and trohguth: and ye sent their beth.

31:9 the lord
delivered
thee, and and wherekner have a sone:
o flour out of the lord; but this shall the hoes of the testness of the tribtion of darkness, he went to the sight of the horst of david.

4:11 the lord's sons of pass of will i smite them.

23:1 and the lord shall drink for thee?  38:17 the vipet of the ones of the word of hearck was an hold of marash, and said unto them, the 
nor answer a stretuel also skil of thee.

1:8 and they kept him to seen, hath naud? soloxel shall eat, therefore had as with me.

11:10 and it came to me urb's delight,
and they have come: therefore they shall all to the lord that he sing him himself the lord
saying, and this 
-----------------------------------Iteration 3
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"ay that i brought up israel unto this
d"
ay that i brought up israel unto this
day and the hand of the lord: and he shall hear the father of his hand is their temple and david, and conso?  3:18 when the lord went forth a rest stones, and the famem
shall not set in with them out of them, which shall the streth shall let him for hars, and the lord pleack knowledged the seed of the lord, saying, and the
lord they may be to the house of his sons, and be
praised on the mouth of the land of the lord, which were like her two cities which is the heathen of his land, and, which shall not do not or in the lord, and the hand of the word of the lord had cast in given them that i will answered them from all the gaten for a flock of the house man.

6:10 and god shall be refuse to judge thee, and the end of the tribe of the lord, they shall not the commandment of his servants, and a man; but his man, and in the people of the son of israel of the
hand of the lord,
and say unto with their skinans, and seed the daughter of her priests, and the name of the lord, david have spake up about at him that wlesh be lightly in heaven
man a nation, for the king of the lord for a open are.

7:21 but earth many work, the
seven good of the lord, and the word of the lord in the word of the lord.

28:12 and he said, say the lord, i am sing in the preciples, which have so
the trutuention of my sins, and in the
kings of israel and the four work, and david sold to mest of the earth, and the land of joseph,
and the servant of the lord shall not be accould of israel the father of the power: but made be the father, and the prophet cried to the women saluaried.

19:18 and thou hast the high report, which he had the country of the generations after that thou shalt stood god
gods: behold, the
chamber is not the sunrers that they was be not
come in pharisee, and said, i am the father of the children of everun be a third the priest of the lord, which are one which he shall not the
death of the people that was faind not his services, and the sake of samuel he shall the flrgened with them, and have the tabernacle with them that is accomuse them in even their fear, or damse the second ople, say unto me.

18:39 and is me, and we went them, let king say unto me, and the people of the pillar of the children of the heavens for the sea of the land of gad, and the daughter of the house that had as the
writing after the lord of the king of the lord, and above out of the sebacen is a sight and about against another hand.

8:12 when the king of the word that shall be after thee and heaven, and while his name of the house that be consumed god shalt be accomfoul, which they shall be rest in the lord, and the heavens which he spoored earth out of her father said unto him, the sea ye at the son of baaliah of my commandment in the son of israel, and with all the father for him, that he went us for me, and go to judgment.

31:22 and the house of the great wine in the children of the earth to live, and a bost the prophet shall be great which he shall leave the country of the hand of allorn.

14:1 and he are the philistine, and his bowess he would not do and not done of his former man with him and all the land, and we dinime a altar and mary the house of his houses and the son of azariah, and say unto us, and may aream in him, and shall said unto him, i will round the whole issward the
seps of israel and not from out of the lord, when i there heard the saint of the way of the god.

27:19 and he and the house of his hands.

22:19 his way is the cald of the lord, in the hessers is a fire to said,  which king of the priests thou was
the sons of the lord, and the inheritang thereof i came to peaben, and the son of geram which have all the place of the lord were rought in the lord, yet were spard.

29:2 and he saw it, and of the lord shall be remember one to reproach;
and ye have the seed shall feareth them to go with a wilderness, and with the people, and the essiah will put out them of old, the father of the children of israel came to pleath the bake months, and he huggeed their neighvmserirrings, and the wild shall be have ye upon
out their mother of egypt, he called them with me against their hearts.

17:14 the father and the sons of ran sard in the earth, and the altar which is a country, and that they shall be a heaven he that is a recaling and one of the other heart out of the lord.

29:26 the earth of him and sins, and a stirt to his dragne for him.

10:14 the lord said, for babylon and their king of the house of the inness of the children of his hearts.

1:25 but if the part shall abidet them should take thee.

10:10 he said, 23:29 and the water of
the lord: the chamber of the lord spake unto me, they will not pleased for him, as man; and the est of the
angel of israel were go in alone
with them, and all the son of jacob deads, the work that seat, who are the lord, and she and the lord commanded out their earth, and in bether, and the stranger.

41:27 they
said unto them out of the gates of the children of egypt is ye of tim stature have have dindle it over and the wickedness of the lord, and the god of the lord.

1:30 and when the sea shall have it magnity a city:
wherefore i have see their sabbancing unto the lord: 18:2 and the lord
they shall be reigned to pergzaid.

11:19 he had the sepers of her lord which was dwelt, and i will dishzan the stave of the fathers of the land of the law, and on the land that is first
salvation.

14:34 whose hand will come unto me, and with the seed of the thing.

3:29 she shall not see them, and a inteations of nation water the temple of them, and the children of israel which were with all the people that be an house of the hand of the earth, and the lord vapition, and the generation of appharad.

8:12 and he that was death. and seed with feast: when he said is the bread of the second that israel in the gates of the people of the lord of the people, and said, which are consumed them
out of the hand of the land of the man and all the house of the wilderness of meath; and the hundred wait and new they will the chamber of the armion, and the captains which i abpother the
lord of israel with them upon
men: 32:18 hear her sistes there was not in the earth, and
with him fear out of the people
stranger, and the temple of nastion is lill of nothing there shall come to pass.

1:1 god are the living thereof, and said, leaven be the country of mount, and seven table are
after the house before
the arrow of the nations.

23:1 who is his heart in her, in the priest, and the father of the rest of the lord, o sandsallourn,
subdommiah for a light into
the glorious in the lord; and the children of egypt is not take them for it.

12:8 and she gave
thee, say, as the arm of all the fameio, that they will be of judah to his tables
hear, and reproach them.

17:31 and it came to pass, whose lord
repent the
temple of the lord.

26:15 and the place of my death; then then the wicked sped in the land of the lord, and a brought out to his god with ao
anger: and i have preached them my day from the
place of the priest.

1:30 he hath betrayd manred and of partion, and he had went in the children of israel of heaven, and neighbyes an heaven not shall the angel of the cities that have an unto the fire day, and the people of the son of babylon, and speak me and the altar of the former, and the fire of judah, which were of
the lord, and
he that rest them thee all the people for abluins and his sight,
and say unto them, saying, 22:12 when john jehoshazar the name of israel out of the gate shall call you, and a city of his thousand and gath, and the daughter of the possomerets which is the
house of the lord, which was beated and was not before
the children of the land that levice forth and them all the hand of the land: and he said unto god; and he that is in the lord: for there now on the gospel shall not do do the chief of sis, from conceived the righteousness, and gain shall causeth them, and salk the country of the lord.

33:17 for which shall be he hadot, and he that he sadked
him reproach and the seaven gather: but the servant come to shighteous in the lord.

29:15 and they went in the people, and with them thy way, and shalt not king of the lord, have the sien shall destroy the country of his wife, which was leamon, and shalt thou shalt
all the country of the mouth and the land of the lord, i will be a death.

27:12 and i have done into the second man: they shall be the glorious the hand of the priests do and the children of the lands, the famed of the heavens and even the son of god.

2:17 thy father they may laid the lord.

23:20 and the lord shall not not speak a man, and he had for thine eyes of the children of the lord, one shall
be shall go to send the atterul, and
they were in the lord.

10:20 they shall not be the brethren shall put the father past the wild under of him.

1:27 when i have seed, thou shalt ram not the people by faints in the beening of the sea of israel like not taken, and all the names of man found the hand of the wese of the
lord.

17:9 what may sigh it in the baside of the lord, i have be be am with them of the lord, for the house: and the lord shall not return the land god and fear.

3:15 and they have all the seven man shall be have in the lord, be a companit, be in the hand of the
son of jerusalem, and in the lord, israel which have their foots; and when accomplity shall be conformurned before the congregation shall not hach by the estimes ord the king of the lord.

2:1 but i will be fear, that expidout men destroy and among them, and the post more with the people, be over them, saith unto me, the land of the voice, and of the lord; and the lord sent a vessels, and bear him know the whole days of the lord
have the father of phariad.

17:23 and he will led repent thee, the
garrow of rams, and with my beast go
them the father with thee, and send and to be
for a great of flesh.

22

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"ay that i brought up israel unto this
d"
ay that i brought up israel unto this
daughter of jeroboam and
i kness the wildle
hadoter, cause
i divide, with the father, even on the feast of his
servant the mouth.

20:20 and the lord know that thou shalt not see out of the cities that he praised continuar no
gibovingion nor prophets of so, he the heaven of heaven, and the priest take him, and shall in the colsdout that he had pass in david, they was beside a spirim shall he that he a caused and nor
wallotneth of him what he hath make at on him.

19:18 and they shall see
his cities, and in a prophet, that thou slay to save thee, my raters, and all like to the priests, after the country of the riversarish, and for was, and thee they should be not done shalt not king which the one go not you of wals: and the offering
shall declieth against them, and reciouror, and
joined the side that he shall change in her
mouth: and he will burn and set up to go with himself, which he shall not make of them make him that are and there also, and with him not the unclean, and alonhip many unto the children of aaria, and set interation, that they shall see after them.

57:9 strong for you which do say unto their father that the
came go to man? and he shall not called to shall the lord, and magny judge, and the came receive thee there the with continuar and of israel: and a way is not of egypt of him in the congregation, and wind thou said to was, and well come to said, god
shall be in the cattle: but he had we know, which had the cities that
all the hand of the lord was round of the baw at their neighver, with them that is the dangarl.

8:31 when thou shalt purify were for the children, which shall set him five sought, the inheritance side in sin,
o remalner, which shall right the wilderness and
forsall many to
in the house for another sone as the lord thy god: and he left thee for thee for unto him the lord of a man of the
lembling shall his servant
have ale a multituohs of the lord: and the gileat had not comutten, and shall ouh him of israel.

8:17 and their sheepith against her nation: and when when the country shall not be upon them, and with a angel of his hand, that which are the angels of the father after the spirit of the post of the lord shall see
the whole with him a cloun crodness
the
father in such the
servant, in paice with her hive, and shall in judge far for a garment.

23:36 and let of the children of the leving of my chamber, 9:20 but for the chiets seed upon thee
was the lord, and
hand shall the sight of the lamfin: that they may be a cloud: but he go to jody, and for thee, and the heaving of her highest to the hands of the ungod committeth
to thee; 3:2 and the waters our father they shall greet up the years of jesus, the lord shall teek forth them for a man fold and man; and there
shall be perpost out after the families of them, that
we will in an angel was low, and the laments of god, and fultle, and the daughter of sleake; and and one in thee.

14:17 and the lord shall have the god of god continuen the
man, thou hast from
the od of ehvos these in soul, and there
subzind
and suffer.

6:23 and they came unto them.

7:13 and said, and the scantimy of judah upon great
shall see before
the land thereof of his hand have said, filled are of bamas.

:13 a people are with it.

24:23 and forterers sod thee, the people whreber the battle, out of the thribe of his inheritanger the chamber and hired like their heart .

24:7 and he to do the chambines of hones.

22:27 and when they came to seath be after my side shaketh the reeld:
and thou gave the law, and as
the lord rosious against me,
and said unto them in end one and his great in the hand of the land, and shall make me: and not the adpetity stand in the south of the lord, which neither be after the garters, have the mouth of the lord, she prevail, and opened because ears, do have as he trusteth or own names, and the high lord shall him with them therein, and
brought the sepull of the lord galinems it in the gession of jeremiah, and is end of the thing that the
laby are and he have people and to the famine of his high, which not as lain their servants for thee, that i shall
be is among the camp of israel: and he and the
servants of jerusalem hath bringing up to the christ for the land in the people together: and say the lord, the lord sanctii with the children of israel with them heart, and said, he hath in remember, i will did anshipph upon the earth thereof.

20:24 and when the christ shall a thing and multitude in the land of the earth of the king of his
people
began to aughter.

15:33 and it shall be a brethren in the people of the king of the lord,
and not darkness their deart and the sea, and all establish of wall wie unto rack, and did dear aaron: 9:19 and the gaul were god of is in the families of he
deceiveck not the children of the lord, and all that are flesh set out labour and all their own covenant,
and and the house of god, and the king of the children of joseph
his cause and the wrath of the land of the house of the people, or before him, after the words shall be kind thee, and the land took them, and the men of the living of the wimeon great opened in her spaces, he will be in caboad a death.

12:8 thing it send in and thees with my wayed, who shall se? and he said unto him that was the way of the lord works that the lord brought forth the border that dudge in the earth of hosts, and the and beast and with the lord, until the word of the lord, and for the lord, and blessed about them.

39:8 neither see the lord
moreove have and
with our hands, the house of the house of the earth and brought the earth davin
man.

7:9 and see in the times of egypt, and of europle the greep's son
of israel.

10:4 he sat the captains of the people which will deliver thee the sea of the people, men which shall salther for wacring, and ye shall be another company, shall he hath great in the lepstites of the
king of man; and the king that raise them, and ye did be do worved to before the king of the house of naught go to jeroboam saying, when the son of jerusalem will the congregatt of the house
and the altar of his brass the priest were same.

13:25 he have not not a uppass the name of the lord another
the children of egypt: they shall be after the temple of the head of such saver heaven and syrian.

10:29 and before
the lord, that he have ten silver, by the lord shall a spirit whither the amornion say, we will plean, but no man good for trie: saul and king of reobsuing the odgment that set him that the heavens of the book thousand the lord had a be god: and i have call my mouth in their daughters of righteousness and in the country of the lord thou shalt not with out the possess of the children of amoon, and judah, and the lord.

10:24 and as accould destroy a swind, that ye are shepher
for him, and the name of nariah for his mouth, the name of the lord, that the lord shall not take egyption to comemness gate them, nor fir with them.

7:21 am the lord said,lime ahan, and our athoy the earth it waited in the congregation; come in
the families of the cities of joseph, the holembandian
hand evenlant in the name of rad down a rivers preyeed: have in the
world: and a year in him for your deast, the flesh shall belonged for the people of the reproacing of israel weigh it was the people spard in with out of babylon, and a stranger not rest a seven one to out for a morning shall the summer of the fire in ye the seed of egypt, there was his fatation, and he are before the people of these wort.

37:34 and
thou shalt be the again of the house of the children of danitanty unto evern should we have deack, and the earth and emeran, and ble
manner at a linder of his daughter of the sword shall i commander unto them, shall receture
of in all the feath and
his iniquities.

13:8 the slook of the lord of the lord.

5:37 but it was the servants of jerusalem, and i compere thee the lord of depart the voiled, which were they
shall set up to the house: earth, and said unto with his name, so with shipphiss in a wise, that he have have be: and the lord shall presenture with them as in heaven, and
manieotest the fear in the altar of hosts for a clother that he have go to possessian with me from and a davird the brethren which was be an of the people of the raches of the
first kings of the lord, ow that are
the sons of carru in all the sister; and set seed with them out of the bleave thing.

2:17 that he is a life, and it shall be camp to hand.

13:6 and bith is the
grest of the earth: and a staves of the citiod of egypt and judgment.

18:25 and when the sea went into jerusalis: and the
heart of dur is a dail, and hosts the way, and our hands i given them, and were their
fields to the
theremorn reft perphif, 

0 21:21 they that have prince in bethiss, o lord, and the heavens lead all his world, and he dwelling had a bonds and in them not, the camper, and go grieved hard of openty in my companies, and the name of the temple, the divionsos shall we beprail stand forth out of the sons of evermea.

28:20 he hath fear all the lord: and which will bear i have: and the work of thomees shall in rupham and the rams that had
the cities of the children of israel: for if they shall be not speak, and that they came and burning out of the heaven thereof which shall preace for him, do have their sons of you, according to them, o seecome, and she shall he pleconessed
him.

44:14 and in the lord board rew for my brass, and the priest of the lord jesus, behold, is no ew, which have with us to the lord unto joy, i will put them to the indinies and more, and the elder shall be an houses,
and be say, sover he said, i will more hin, and the servants of joined of the son of judah, said us made agay their god, and we, and thirn in him, a resoos of the people, the sin off the land is no more in the dogn that he arise thee, are of fains, seet lead while he will rest them, se
-----------------------------------Iteration 4
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
":11 so all the men of israel were gather"
:11 so all the men of israel were gathered and shall a our offering of israel.

141:23 the lord said, the more wherefore we hearth to the temple of the lord right for the lords of the returnites of her children: for he did the every man of her desolate, and the lord is the countel the lord in the lord: and she is of the lord funess, and the great left it mife, which is amrnan that i as a seventh whom when the portions was a
son of the took of
epesth is the sight of the lord, the lord will i be do and coming of the spirit of the camalth, the god of the lord.

22:22 saith the lord of the feast of the sumpces of your took shoulders in the lord which is many unto the the with the way of israel,
that she set them loved him to the five of the house of
the man of the lord his sons of lafters, and was a seed of the words of the law, and shall knew not the people of the holy cloud, and the son of jerusalem, and
as a amorites to be least upon the king of pauls and herely, and the lord chepo, o princes of jasuint king of sayi shall come to pass into the vecuss of mansech seeiggle, o shoulders of her sons of judah and the richer that said with the ways of the coult of the lord was upon the lord the churches of the children of judah
than the mouth of all the son of analah, we spiritm; and all the sons of commandments and the earth, and he had stretched up to us, and went out of me, and hath shall be from our own days and the borders of jerusalem.

17:12 for the peocle come to them and solomon.

22:12 and as the
seban of him the done of the lord hath have seemeth into the lord; and he said, he came into you, the sons of israel was a word of the people of
the mouth, which is
all thou are in his sons of another, and bue in the childrens which thou hast the lord shewed the king of the whole enemies, and they shall be her god, even to the children of jemieh, 27:32 balaa i and the inhabitants of his ways, let in every
manner of his strength of a way, and said and all the word of the lord, and all the vallee of the times of the earth, and a woman cometh to any one corrusites:
and the fourth are and the
dust of every multitud, and the power of the lord, and all the ways of the land of the
sons of jacwjoselies, and before you of the tribe of
the rans, and said to be learch, and hash the lord this day had the lord will i no brethren, the dour said unto him that the lord said, the remnant of israel the men that he came to his weshes, and aslfully and the saoth of a presence with the hippeds of the lord which shall be way.

2:11 but on the mouth
as
his sons, and the lord of the doure of the rany of the god, and all the son of jerusalem, but knew than the offering unto her people.

1:7 and the king will i be tree to the ye
departed my small all the show of the king of a slain of the gods of the house of
judah is all the first jordan, and did to the fable of him in the awlys of for the mighty offering.

1:13 but i will fear them to the land of the lord unto israel.

11:2 jerish he fell to the son of god.

13:10 and when thou hast passed to the lord unto a man was all the daughter of the lord, and the people is the house of heaven.

2:1 city also be the armh and the prophets, and with them
to the son of the lord with the cloud, and
from the mouth of an high man there rebed, that we have not the son of the lord are to be ruler: the should was beechainded to rest unto you.

21:15 go all
the south of
the land of israel.

23:12 and i will be break unto
us: for the mountain was have the mouth with them, and to have not king of
the saff of the house of egypt: and the prophets of the children of the morning, let go not before the land of his sont and in
the children of
judah, and made at the law.

2:10 but i will receive them of the lord; and it is of the seventh every man which ye may be more into the lord of the midst of the midst of her laftecrward one and which the third that had come unto him, even thee the lord thing with before all the great, to the mortay, and that enchassed him out of the land, and just had and set his house, which hath shall say unto
all the despent of the lord.

18:1 laight i will not be before the angel of the covenant of his sons of merce that is three water
with the prophets that is before the apprst to the lord stone rejoice and drow to person, the lord from the children of johnah: for the labourofce discurred is take them.

1:20 and the work of the lord be all the took that and my service,  heard the ways of the land of israel.

24:13 and it was do the lord came unto them, lod them with me, being for me, and laid up down david and the work: and it came to pass up shall come up into her fathers: and the sons of any land said, wherepent shall every man of the lord bring up to the city and accushing against all the egypts of the children of
israel, the lord said unto him, in the habitation of the lord?  11:14 joines, and all the lord was a gare of them, and shall do many deliverry to the son of his stapped.

2:6 and gathered shall be wasted the transgren of the laby of the people, and
bare and not dodeed of them with the one of the law, that the lord go the burnt offering of him, and shall he desaisseth me.

1:12 therefore i the midst of the children of jerusalem; but with his harahers, and the flesh before the lord that the king said, as the lord and the iniquitybare of the lord city in the tree which rejoiced in all their soul for the lord: saying, what is my house of judah, and he shall lifteth forth.

134:11 the king of the lord, when she that is the christ, and the people of the lord: he had the fathers of the priests of jericho.

116:16 saith
the lord counteth with garment.

132:19 and the son of judah was with them unto the lord came and with our daughter into the ramnatters and another
offering in all the mouth of the skins, and the borkes of asher the lord, and go forth, which weared the wicked power, and they brought them from the sononations of balmise: and the son of israel is and for thee, that i said, the lord to do no
feastel; but if i suffered up to the congregation at his hand and the lord came to pass and damasch: but eat in the lord,
and the son of aboar his servants and the people that is before all the children of joseph, and the lord god of the lord said unto jerusalem.

18:13 and whether is love of the lord the altar of the house of dores, which we made out of him, and a are and deliver to fool for a poured to them.

132:6 jesus was sheby, which ye have i be our voice.

2:22 lake me the dyought of the heads.

18:15 and he brought up to him the flesh of the king of acr9th.

11:16 judge the people of the mouths of the burnots of the lord god of plaints
of jerusalem, which shall be consumed ore unto him to the house of the mouth.

134:5 if is the chile of the hand, and the lord the unclean
salvation and mercy together, when should i could down to the countel that is a god in the children of israel to the lord, whom that the bread hath be take of the land, and the day of the wordces of the lord.

11:19 and the lord are into the lord was set by one offering, and said, behold, i will but a love the philistines of the midst of the lord, which were the offering of this manners is the countel be before them, and being come unto him unto the lord; heard all the lord hath said, the son of are with a send of the lord, when we have
come unto me, walk shall go against the inbers of judah in the gibeon the son of judah, if the first what shall the lord had his hand unto me, and do israel, 23:15 and shall be the sons of the lord under the lord, which the under the lord hath made them down unto the strength of the land
of elled
for the lord: behold, i will be
made out of the lord that last the lord of hoses of the land of the refusets, and light speak unto thee, and made a neights all the people.

1:15 jabulel, and with another that was come unto me to say, but he may be a children of
nown the earth.

116:14 the sight did upon the lord round about, and the lord of the crungers of a revenge, the son of jerusalem, for the secome of he that had not bring upon the other even together, and the daughter of the lord was shoulded in the lord this israel, for cames, and the sons
which weared him to the sons of that he was a burnt offering, and the sons of judgment, fathanandeth down all the words of the days, and are with his land.

18:12 so the bot of the lord the lord hath set it against you in him toward the children of salmee: and the lord came unto me, solomons in the lord in the lord
shall liveth and of the light of
the earth.

13:20 if the king of the lord shall be and so the rod of the lord, and the earth
god, and was a more to the great of the family: and the unto the seventh that is no vessels of the lord, and a sipleon, beclaped thee and jordan, and he said unto the king of the lord, and bring up to the lord unto the lords of the lord.

24:21 lest the lord said unto them, that in the land set that the goodness of this lord.

19:24 he said unto the lord, and the valley man hath cometh for him, and the lord god of the shobah of heaven, the lord of the house of jammes that ho
present to him, and said, i perceived him, whose sons of jordae.

3:2 joseph, the lord god of asi, and above the passover under the wine of jacob, he had said unto me, which ye thou eevis chargers, and all the children of judah shall prophesy life unto the family thereof, and the son of ever.

26:4 of the lord shall be a priest of the lord that is a hebre into his land, which ye have as a face of the lord labony more this chief perish, and the
basses of the lord, the son of whom the
lord said to strangen, who are into the lord, the water of my lord, or it, and the god of judgment shall have of hoss in the lord, the lord hath shall be that the mischaring of the lord that her iniquitying it from the under the king of the lord, and we bound them that we shall ru

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
":11 so all the men of israel were gather"
:11 so all the men of israel were gathered from them unto one of the heathen fight, and, and my life is not for me.

28:13 i will make the men of bear
i say, the chilords of the people is beast away the endle of fort, and with a very voice.

3:13 enjaon: and we have hide of the lord, and reberance in the answer of the mountain, we serve
with jordan and unto the lord.

4:22 jeristain, and saw her tertions that i make out of thee.

19:3 god is the gublien, and faith as joseped.

21:4 and israel of men take a commandments of the son of
fiver all
us; and show i as another the lord shall be offered the great of jerusalem, my day are away with and take for the lord place, but the way of the earth, the family arise in the wilderness of the king, which are in this glad, and he
fear to him to all land of the house of nornon sea of all the son of the earth; but the lord percuate after all the land of the word of jericho.

2:22 glory and the windreds of the reast shall paiah to even then in the lord, or the son of jerusalem, and
jerusalem, and when not brought you, which saw that i ashtolch and bring again.

18:22 for the lord shall dwell ones, and shall or his sight, and commandeth him for him unto him shewethlay, saith the lord of the mores of the father, to set not deliver unto all the king, the word of the people said, and the priest of the inheritande, the judgment of a children of assyria.

23:1 for the words of joseph, and, and set to the haod
thereof, are ten should be drink to sunked: saying, is the
king of israel god unto you, and was
the earth: the seed of earth, and the lord hath come up from all the minst of david; who shalt all the north of his countriges.

3:13 whom he given thee and saint to them.

11:11 and
he said unto me, and it was with the
spoil: and said the jurasmeth to her father unto thee, of assyriah it ye and the brethren.

34:18 it was war
before the cunsute of this long toward him, left david before him, saul jesus our fathers: then the lord said unto daman
upon them, them all; and when : and the lord shall die, which were before her thousand with the years did and the evil
feet, and the lord of an years ahith, 22:21 for he purple my roth the lord passovered and the horns
go and suvened under the son of helpled with uninor, and with them.

2:32 and the refores shall be and his people, when i will gone to her fathed works, and dezarched, i will not set unto the lord.

10:13 all the fores of israel.

1:22 and the lord that is down
into the mountain,
shewy he lead.

3:15 no man minister the lord that remain, and said unto them, and the all the cause of israel, and was in
my lord, but the heart of the ministes shall be gave up in my thing of the leop and the house of athorus: i said to them unto them.

116:26 but his witten is
the burden of hastreeth; but when she shewed it to all the dears of the midst obbieth and commandments and the angel of men, and with the hand of the
judge of men, and jacob the assing of me the perpeeth of
egypt, but ye and minister, give it to me, i have he my prophet in the land
answered him unto him.

11:6 he had beasted him toward the evil of the people of that lorths.

14:3 joseph he made the mouth of
oh unto the man of the lord, and forth parant in
the temples of his resol: and the lord came to me.

22:16 and be? and i will know you to all the lord, of whom shall we will be marvel him by st to endish, whom i say unto moses, and spreads, even the city of everinget of israel, and
preserved them, and i should eem as laid israel, but hath come up out of the taker, and agring upon them, which mase was the land that is thou at the congregb1: julmen i be by them before your covenant, and aven jordan.

1:11 make for his works before them by the lord came and the son of jeremiah, and shall bence it for him, and with to the covery of the soul, and a king of the lord.

28:12 diver shall be the years of judgments whom lifring not make
a more of the man of sad that before the sayes
of the land of judah.

6:8 wherewith he did ilal, and the sons of again,
of the lord stone the art of the lord, and and the teaching which there is no least to see
of the lord, that shall the son of benscaple be shall be subjaefined: and image he my minst said up the wait of the ways of israel.

24:3 jerish was that all the great jordan unto thee.

45:1 as he was burn broken, 16:12 set the thirty of the truth, and said unto him, when i that are yeard to priest, whom she shall give him from the dissjfbroarde of the wicked to sash, with whom the son of the philistines received him, wherefore i cometh forth among them.

11:2 and the son of
my water upon their lord.

33:9 for thou hast we come in a tribe of
the lord shall build the came of the resersing at hundred, and eark of his iniquitien.

20:11 the cezirir, and the people hath with our prophets, oness, and go, whose seed that he
people counted, all anne many mouth is born, and worse said, behold, the sinders of samael said unto them, when shall of one all themselvests that laid her lifted unto them, are was in the lord of the own thanly in e shall be burne nancumfments out of ever: what cannot be, when she said, i brought thee out of eversh the
receives of the lord will be as not according to
the people of god of
the young guileings of his stong.

4:23 then all the heart of the lord, the house of joseph; by a blassed of ho slambered before the city.

23:6 in this days gave unto the lord, and said, i will sheweth up a men of
the priest, and said unto a right fiel for the sons of the elders sears to the house of the days of israel, and the lord that let them calleth thee into him, and were their work of the lord, the sononies of
proncheth many
sons: 15:16 the house of the lord be do upon the garments of the lord: but the sons of praise shall be told as he have desbe in the
time of
him, and will
gather thee
peace by the children of keverce past in meeth.

13:7 and he love the with him.

10:13 the fell of the land hath slew thy work with a men of the law: and he have received the lord at the land of her side minis, he gave unto the lord priest, and the burnt offering money of them them: the
house of egypt said, the temple for his works, by assyriah; the son of god the riches of
the god of a garment, and thou hast full for the lord of israel, and the god of israel, and the threes of the days of judah.

2:8 thou hast terry, the lord and the lord hath said unto me? halme, and answered our king, whom i said to him sure unto them, and the worlds that the right words.

134:1 jacobite is an own men of obeys that was i
upon them, i are blessing his wise and six their evil in the saint of the angel thereof
that the calles man we made before thee, and his sheep to him, that ye have for the servants of
judgment, and said, when was ahah eulhrush this slaus; for the spirit of the shame be have his people? and he will set every one that was this trumpet
planth
peace to prayed.

48:15 he had no man that were ware with the
day.

27:12 who was the father and the sons of judah.

23:6 when she came to jerusalem.

146:26 for the son of , the stunbing place, and down,
and nowsared wisdinired god upon
the barels, the lord saith the lord of the covenants, and lend judge spirit to punish, who lo, when the right faithath, and it is more when i genereth the steach for the lord pileanished outod, and will i said, but into the lord in all things.

142:6 then saith the lord thy stringents thereway i may be great unto the midst of
the children, and the estwn of the lord he slew than share in the holy place of the lord, and the womants that is a winds, and all the
king, the children of egypt our heart that the sons of israel might i ese and befrigernes to said, abither,
of, the valley shout in the
caulth of the right of the month of the day was a our things shall be watered; and the death shembite unto the lord round abou in the lords of
the lord, and said unto you.

19:22 therefore i supe, the word of the house of
god, i have cometh the stripped
away
out, by the brethren hath said, when ye say, the lord came unto another before the son of reados, and surely shall have the shall god of the heart of the lord had say, soset the mortees of the lord was his hory and thirty, to the circumpes of loave i galion his hand, saying, which the men of
philsgess was
for the lord, and the day of father, and his daughter therefore i the venges of the lords of the lord, that the lord is to sset upon you out of
the inhabitants of the mighty and summors.

132:2 of men rejoiciin law i was any fellow, the dead which none we give him with unto the son of an man of jesus, and all the first that ne basse it, because
wherefore she answered on the hand of our soles, whom he was consumed and full of the house of daeil, and all the stand of the ribloo, and be great, and become upon them, the host, but by his hand,
where i will give unto him come not, and the names of the lord will i comman to the moreo place in them, and all the son of judah of his land, lellward wherefore where is the cause of the house of are, which ye died it upon a
name of the land, and come unto the fourther that is a manto and the hosts of
the lord,
and serach my temple, and given unto him in the earth: for it may die of the eutful bread, and in that is benk upon the year of the lord; but it was in the disciples.

21:4 so it is her north four haom, and spake unto thee, and up the word of the toutn of the chief fall than a witness which was the man of the children of carsofba i hath into the sanctumites of her took said, whether came them.

11:15 and the wilderness of the elieverte, and come to every terriel, the king of jesus come up round abou, even to the eyes of the islominess: for the lord called the baswers
of the lord in the lord, and the whole hand he made the people of the lord, and that i said unto the lord upon the sub
-----------------------------------Iteration 5
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"
nigh to offer the offerings of the lord"

nigh to offer the offerings of the lord.

11:12 for they made them, i may come into them with his servants for them, sormon upon thee the land of the lord.

10:30 and after the viohs stood upon them, and would from bread of all the children of the earth, and the first things were many kind his son and an hundred of lambatl, and thy wall is these thousand and moses, and was high to hundred thee, they
had
deceived.

10:15 and he was and because thine tongod, and good, he said unto them, i saw thee soloh, and thou unto him.

30:9 they took the altar the head sided, and hand
merchisheth me to lord them, and go by them waters, and be taken a river: because the first hus is the army that shall destroy them, if of the land in the groping of the camp.

33:0 and ye
shall did be the hand of the lord.

11:19 and the lord of heavt their threshitser, saying, it is city, of lord shall teep the lord unto them, there came to israel and the number of the children of egypt.

22:10 and i go to danh from all inaster and offer his
fathers.

14:21 and he are without things, and and of the popses of the levites destruction in the
head of the round of hewer wound with all the lord, shall be the lidst of the
will in his
stugning, and had prophet to give me ae the confirmer of the cameln.

14:10 and the lord shall enchen also the house of the sgrance and heart in the waters.

22:29 and the
mouth shall meat us according to the lord unto them, who will be not to the end of heart.

11:18 and the lord saith unto them, i are wicked them out of the city, and give my gods and many hand.

10:32 but i have not
about all the inheritance of the word of the lord.

11:10 and the groping had heard out of his mouth, and i called before me, and concerning whom thou hast her man: and they shall shall be made away, and to had and the gilead to maketh her affiet against every house of the land of his own sights were gone them absalouters, that this children that tower in saitt.

21:17 and they shall be bear to sent up the son of the city of the children of armer that is not against the destroy of the garden good unto all the king, and with them that are began, and if the son of shephamen did will have his thight
of his time and heart from grief.

111:12 and he said unto them, even all the beast,
and hath bowed them, the first thing are toward the father?  15:11 and ye go to their god to have them and taken against one of host thy glory, and
in the son of loun, and to shew him away upon a man of thee.

13:21 thus saith the lord of the right hand had shall give them our samuehs of heart men in me
and malemnen of his houses, that shall say unto them, i ye have such that what i any horse even unto him for hurting.

14:13 and there said unto him, make an eds and the sins of the lord: and he concuen and
consider perfening of the eyes, and
the waters on he was high their first manner, and took and made unto the waters of the land.

18:10 the mouth thousand all
the land, and they will we know that i say unto them, who shalt the dook of the king of the soul, and the multation thereof, and findeth them so through
the more to save me: in the
word which be go not them, and who have stood on them, and shall have almon the flock of their fathers.

11:11 when the lord are the own stearings and pharise of the earth, and the children of israel is the children of egypt, and
saith unto them, i am man, they know hunding away, and the people tongue are
before the house of an offirces of judah,
the
son of jesus thine mountain thou prephous and the priests of joshua, and his father, of the hand was in the seventy house, and the commomo of an nations shall not be being before the tribe of his son of jerusalem.

21:14 and the son of god have be prepared out of given my servants of the house of all the
congregation that is himnech to the fathers, and in the son, and the son of israel as the shame called against them, the most hading saith unto them, ye shall not be the
one of seventy, and the army before him
that he had tongue away into them, and her
be of all the sons of mens wherein is was trumped my groph unto the father?  15:8 and i will give me wash to be loved in the horshisher, and the priest rosh on the mountain of the word.

10:1 there shall be a deceive of ass, and to our fathers, the sabathan shall say, what were bowed unto the hands, and they to the head of them.

11:11 and it may know that the chambers, seven man for the lord for the god of the lord.

1:15 and the lord came also and
was one court of them, he will laid mannar from the soul of the sign of fear and
camels,
the seed will be copity to the servant of the children of israel, and the blood of the lord, and deliver the wind, and and the board of the fathers of the word of the lord, and is the children of israel, our valleys, and all the
burnt offering, and shall not be sweet and fathow the lord before him.

10:20 and when shall he was soon, and a live that were to the sinners of the sons of ashay the
othing of the samsobs, that cannot go to the cameles of the lord.

11:13 and the lord and the lord behold the
bread of her growns of the feet of the city, for the ward nor amorn son to prophead also out of the dender to seey.

21:12 they be feet to say, prepare in the name of the
hand, his concument one of the lord, and but not likewise after them, and let the first amority, and
made the lord, which shall call upon thee to the son of a great offirmant they as said unto them, when they shall shall have because the waters of the lord.

15:23 and he saith unto them, when they had
have the spring of your god that was that bewet their sword, the man: and the same was to the lord in the troubled.

12:26 therefore grapped out of an holy caets.

11:13 and the lord hath come to the art more that hamar, and begat to the law that
saith unto them, god on the south ordoph in my might congregation prepared for of
them: and he will glory that they took them and said, i made their first son into the beed, and how shall i may peace to him, and the lord was destrnent in the first of his house.

14:24 and the lord toot for you upon me.

11:10 every priests is the name of the lord
of the city of shall they shall go to saith unto us, the son of amore in the yountreth of the sea among the first months, and pass that mine tonton he shall
come, that they went out a man commandment a call to the god of children.

30:24 for they shall did the
right day are spirit, because his parables
shall known them out of men as the children of israel.

17:17 and the word of the wilderness of the congregation shall be an hundred touch his maid of the namers.

11:4 and the upint are cubit unto themselvesing and made my savilier toward them, the round came by the ways of the prophets, and of them, i set them, nor come to the children of his world.

11:14 and when the sabman came to saith.

20:22 and it written our sight thereof.

18:12 then the flesh the priests of jerusalem, and the breath of their son, and the esting to saw them upon them, he known the christ, the graph of the city had prophetered into them not, and shall winder in the
or in manner of jerohaminiah, the night son, that thou shalt say, which was found all the bread with them, and give and will burn the bread of shipleard: and it shall not destroy unto thee, the first work that do dilaw, every one that went unto them in all the son of homin.

24:14 and the people is when he said unto them, i will shaulled them.

11:14 therefore thou saith let them of the father and endurs, and the first top and the young gates of the people continually me to
deter, and the waters prison have heard them, and as against the tribe of the fathers, and an his priests in the land.

17:15 and if thou shalt come to rememst river to the multitude of the army day in the word of the betable, and before to the people with them, but are and servants, and a spiras of the semararites, and also wherein ils are also that are toward them, which took and went and thansting in the cause of the
waters, and before the word of theoer such in the flesh thereof.

10:7 for the revilam
saith unto them, i will give them sword: and they say unto her god.

11:7 the steareth for the sight of the children of israel of god.

41:20 and they
were many wast whom the moust go unto all the sone that i may shall as he took unto the prophet, and the
children of israel, saying, and the camp, that we shall not all
my son of the camels, and heard, and found drink unto him, wherewith all the son of his priests are to him, and the living that bear to be of all the beast of his land, and to egnow.

17:18 and the mountain took me order the top ariseed, that who have washed and all the house, well his days, and to holf his maid king of all that ye will be an earth, and that the basson of 
and shall
said, whyst arrow it had
good, and said unto him, why will fear
to them, and the book of all the word shall be before and of the sword in the levirest to be bear out of the ment to call away all the head of every tribe ord, and peter by the fathers.

25:20 therefore we have made him
to did away.

10:10 and he brought dabmanar
for our days.

15:27 as the devil continurate it shall be withered, our god of will the opplease of egypt: 11:22 they came up with him in the first of the day.

11:14 and the son of pitan the son of mine eyes, and they have bread from garment bread with the city, entingeth their mouhts of the first true to siven and my brethren, to have unto the armual camele.

11:16 for as denthish him to more and in men, and would come unto them, and terch them of the door, the great worn one tomach.

10:12 and the people know that the lord hard unto a believer of the bread with them, and there also are among them in men stand toward them, sayings are by the lord that are from against shame: 3:2 they are things
do them, and the sea and

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"
nigh to offer the offerings of the lord"

nigh to offer the offerings of the lord, and as he that by them of so year bind was in the salvation, and thou azaring all their first mels: but which hath the man, the
son of lahem will give her because or the house of hardows, and brine the lord many word of their bellers for evil from the lord that bread borty of her things, they not say unto them, was the beast of the tabernacle of the cunsting, and in the work of your house, and fower them of hemameat, and make me a thing also, he shall be thereof the land?  18:7 and bue for to the offering shall be our foods: unto the smeat tonluent.

14:12 and he said unto them, one amrar prepared of the cacts of israel: and the lord cause them, let them to dneses into them, 2:3 behold, i say unto him, go up silvation, and fifty soul in the lord, behold, ye had destroyed to all the received more house among them onp, for the son made and the sheder, they shall did the lord had bue
thereinsodnah upon thee.

5:22 but all the house of have, and say unto you, ye shall have her fifth my, and say unto you and twenty woman, of out of the priest ye, in the lord on the sight of the sebrance of refore.

11:11 wheretboterrjaa and said, the word of the mountains are blessed them for my head, he saith unto them, wherewith her haves were made and sin and pried and moses to all men abi, the children of the lord being in heaven.

8:17 and gott wife that went forth his own hundred in their land: for all their place.

53:5 and youn shall take you.

18:18 and the people of his god is brother
unto thee.

52:13 and from away lamped him are come in the word.

11:12 and it was wind to trisath, and i counting with them.

25:11 earth shall accompliard out away a male live, the grack thed bey, asries, their vaint, and they have
comedared to solom by the
land of his saviour, and a sammon, drink name also.

17:21 and he was as jerusalem, and will verily, and that the house of amnmin destroy the molten man of israel, and my levia.

15:13 when they was all sons togephs
water.

10:29 and it is to am also to continued high beast offar, and the
joombercify hust the dry, i saul shall we went his sakd; and he saith unto thee, now ye fearchels, and shoftel, to shall be trees unto them.

11:6 and when the mount in the bread of the children of recouring, and
chargeth the flock of the lords that was good.

11:20 and they will
forget unto them that which shall do away them and the mountains, and touch the tertion of a wive of my grows, and died; and i was
to the tabernacles, the sea of also them also ye shall grovif
them over out of their drink mlunts, and it ly? o look offering for you, thated
poised rober
of them, he bring them, and he wasipph he of the first 
to with them irsel, and to the children of the first of heart, and and of all things is fire of good, and will be round about, that thy new the beast thousand shall make them, about together therefore there shall destroy him left, saying, whether shall be my lord, the priest, and deten on the word of egypt, and
are began to the seirralling heart
unto his brethren on the words, and hast be grovered yourselves, and he made tyouss thereof, having to them cut high from
them over
the living into the days of israel and eds, if ye shall make it in the captives of the holeh of buttentour, and of spire, and hand the flock of the month
that tering for a ward to seen that they made unto themselvesing first with your fathers shall we said unto them, it were before and are a sole or
sharosimerance, saying, i may be lay not, for power went out and twomun fruil
few a
love the sheep, they were bowed shall not aesolishing of spoil in israel, and iven the priest bark.

18:12 and it us not shemeth meeared all the bone from the dry god of the
head of the bade worthy will destroy it
in of him, and in her people, and depart
that taken the house of his lord, and the stees of the land for your children darkness, and place and swore, and also turners, but there was at the bounders of salah fort number
that receiveth them.

3:10 and i may courle my second within them, behold, i saith unto them, to
were abover, which it the certain to filled
sore all neults, he sent to jodshambs, and shall be the woman of king, and hear them by the shall of the children of it only that had men up be?  19:16 and i will know that he forther as him, i say, whushe they delivered a son.

11:12 and he to say unto you therefore young to hunhishach wemed, and see the house of the fathers, and to to fear them, one
town, i any king thereof to make my people into the land that is truild about of darss in the trumpet of
the
son of jesus, to the prophets walked also from need unto thee, and shall reprople out of night coming upon them, sizer shall spake his words.

12:12 and when they shall be yourselves.

16:8 the might to hill toning, and another against him are
on the endings of israel, from
them over the bulless of he cause and
to theests dead, and also were with them: and the lord king of jesus said unto a servant, and to a great into their mah: and they know that unto me, and more coven who hand meat that i fest, and might come, in the lord after the man for egypt, the fowls; the son of perpents was sors, of peace and in roffury.

12:11 and of them.

41:21 and shall reverth them their words of the brethren of israel, and begat jesus offering bread.

20:7 for he brought
at all there shall take anger.

22:17 and an things aring david, and was the second wamars are made in.

18:11 and the seventies of the tribe of all the lord.

10:34 and when they know thay daughters wolld in our servants and
the taken to this end in the land, and hath begat in the wild okerer, is i set and dwell to saith, money go on the end of their priests.

13:14 enberer their priests of heart what had made out of the path, and her live, and
his bonds made unto him to said unto them, make evil of the wightants of unclean.

22:30 and of the son i commanded ashe to sfoom and
them be depiraed, and saw his earth
king of jonathon is that were all.

7:6 and he hath
speak unto jerusalem, behold, i sfool, and shall be good, and in that thou shalt make an house of my places, and call from the word, have have and saith unto them, god hath their enduds the dust.

6:2 for saith unto all the god of her sights, he swetheth to make my earth, the company is to the lord, to the ends of the house of a name that had the coaties that went into the devil men fouldren, the five hands in the
blood
of the mountains, and to jerusalem were as out of israel.

41:1 soul and did took near out of the
earth, and said unto all the old, the tribe shall be witners, nor his heart life in the prisce for the land: and the lord would of the holp beers, and upon them.

13:10 and the spider is away the house of the god of the house of the camp, there was right sacrifice and
that duke and dezaraased.

21:10 and he set the good high to tower me nor
destroy a son of the lord see them to places, the borden place this egning and her tought that was dugh, and
of the spearon of louss.

7:14 and the mountains of moses shall let him order the fatnenting of his fathers, and give me and
that it rench the mercy of the wild rose of his head and and robem upon us of his voice, and cryeth thee,
as he saith, he saith unto him, and worming of the roes of the liver, amer, which make him all the wound andind, and from them that will take it against esaia in the months, the
glory of the mountain poment for them, as the law to wall her
commandment brounder in the lord stableam very to dead, he made moses to the wast
given into this mountains was fulfilled to whited thee hend the bound together, he saith unto thee, great city in the mine and own kind.

37:30 and a high went not the iniquity contining, their beginning, in right wain
commandment to the lord, saying, but at
throphoy he had land and branch them, behold, i jour
it upon the mountain, saying, 3iny good, which shall meaber stand upon them, to give
my fathers, is the children of nach therean.

10:18 thou that were they are destroy thee.

21:16 and the seventy unto them are year hover shoult tobfial, how
known
in the land shall the person of his multitude into him, how dewer with his sablations, but
unto all the delighty
sones, behold, the third was iar the constrockerk saith, saying, they was with the
land seen from thee.

10:14 as the living candle the brother magd his
name.

23:23 the eleming tribe at jesus, and make in their prophes, which dwell with them and thee themselves, the burnt thing, and hearken
themselves.

2:3 and the heart known was the feast of their hands of hebron.

40:10 as he had bring
our loves, and the bread tot the country, money took them, the priests was my heads, saying, they saw them among them.

16:11 from the viner hakmantaint was for
labbah, and david the wound before them and the left upon the hand are destroyed, and proshed is witness the father which all the people of hus heatseth thee.

7:26 for then shall come to his tages, which darkent him, saying, as aed soon to darkness a tagelirs with the bonds.

9:21 and he will maketh the pried to all that had the king of when they are cast
them that say, he
saith, shall be a house with them.

10:15 but they shall dwelt with them.

29:12 and when the causes shall be in the lord unto the meat of aaron to dry.

:11 thus saith the lord of the commandment, which the great god
and first all.

0:5 and the peopla were live, and shall not said unto you in the hand alseld, in the door saith unto them, person up.

12:11 and i will he of men his in the world, until he was that do
are
waster, to the commomance of the lord came on himself
went into the pursuerness, and destroy unto them, they was my son of thee.

48:12 but he drink of their
loind of all the world it shall be appeared out all the first fathers?  11:20 for saptan of the meat offer
-----------------------------------Iteration 6
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"away by violence, or hath deceived his n"
away by violence, or hath deceived his name on the house of the law, and shall receive the law for the god of the thing which thought the anger of the seaars that heards with an hunhish thing's street the cack of the street of the right of the way that be with the basme good into the words of the field: 149:18 but the not glory of the lord of the covenant
for the
lord, and of the all the cromherion of the presents of nath, he shall be the time; and the speaketh that no part taberd the head of ubramon: the people be be another taken: then the nation of the crief of israel, and of the condemal of the honey: but in the fire in his name, and heards, hear that he stand the mother, and we eat, and deapued with hachiah, and of trath, he serve thy son year of the seventee of the soul, and the house of the heart of the lord: and it came unto me of the all the head of the winders, and it appleest there much horns and every from of the pleasers of the beast of the daughters of
the house of the people which were a voice unto the simeon, and for the earth in the morning and above in the people of the
lord, and the twenty my hand in the captains, and saved say unto the children of israels: they also we paul his people, and i saith the earth, and the found thy people, and the children of the house with the nor.

11:19 and there is no man of among the etwor, he hath depart in the poor, and were among everlath words that had the nover of golds.

118:11 then we bear the children of our stone thereon?  33:14 o lord, and we recompen in the thing of it of the angel.

111:13 and look is geotteth, and should man, and their ye desir him the son of them, and all the lord also of the beast unto their open; and they thought silver upon the from to the upit, and they their kings they the people of the things, also his strength in the philistines thereof, and he had despised and the knew of the people knowled that bear upon all this reaur: and he have asses, and thy cast up it that shall weave counsel twenty horden and than mine people of the month in the breath, and the holy commande yes of the lord of the house of thesertan.

18:12 and there come up to bethelly of the son of the winderable give of thy way, and to him of the hands of the children of the poor, or the word of the children of sedab
the beast sore of the lord, and unto me, and the bollouseth of the morning as of the prison place.

13:36 and the up shewer
all the sammael hath to the came of the fear of the heart upon the end, and i will teach him all them.

6:12 the children of the mourned hath sambel.

17:8 and the refore man sware to the philistines, and the plaid heart, and sorden
to ston thing in the lord, or the
hand of the mountes of the morn of the poos of them that earth for the word that weaf every one of his rear, and according to the people, and in the lord
for our words of the strength of the
battles of the tree of a should day the lord, and he that forownening his right and the lords of god of the time.

14:8 and the lord also shall to man from the land of hear of the children of heast out of the congregance of the poor of this god which is no children in the nation of
the from as of the
seventh eon in the house, and their work of thee the son of the lord's son.

20:23 which the heart in the work sin which-rge, and go me delavare: and he shall be the lord of the there, and the unclean.

18:4 for
thy dilay they that thousand continue of the asses, and saul the clothes that also thou iniquity, and these have mercy upon an holy be said, behold, to praise me, the people of the windeons thereof, and are that of the host of israel that
is not not to many his cat of the transgressing honeyoun, and they will let it consers.

29:3 for the son of ebrout is the lord, and in the people that have sheep the lord.

1:19 and nahhoah hurted the nouldes and the well, which he shall thoul paavech and the children of judah, a
youth, and will i shall destroy
the day of the heart of the sons of the soul, which was from of the city of the told of men, and unto the word then the south of the lord that was apostkin and the erven of his sin.

14:15 and the cloth of heak ye have for it.

16:11 and the book of the good liftee with the kings of him, and now  relilee in the heaven of the samb, and the offering of the miny of the nations and his deading that that forsee the thing of the seirh of the sons
of the month, and that the christ of the people, the son of the shiph, and thou would seech also that that from the amornath to made man off jesus, and of the lording of the basiud.

10:16 and the lord man make the children of israel to the gate that are that were look in the multitudes of jerusalem, and with the thand of the stret of eban concerning the earth, and which i pray the
lord of another, and men should of the children of nebuchet the son of your heart; and they came and made the book of the journey, and be deligut into the bonds of the right should young his feet no with the men of the day that assember ye not all the son of the children of hurty the angel, which were to presend in the sacrifice of the lord, and reben, and sow it in the man, and shall make shewer, and the angel: and the prison shall be measured of men return remove the offered of the arthing of the fiftiwing of his christ, and the hand which mountains, they did gold of the two man of the sound.

4:1 and the becam were saul saying, when they have pride no necken, which went of the sons of his house, and the angel of the house of david, and he will i profised, that we be a christ to beal,
the great are the sea, the children of unckee of the earth; and it should which shall destroy his stones of the streat: and they shall not trank of the heart, and my sons bringed it of the lord things of the lord of the house of heaven: and he know the levites for the offeritus of the from made seid agate from the good, and there, and there go in the heaple made: and when it came to the people of the first that as our loward, or tore aight and the beast of the flock of the king's must of the sword of it: and the nover thereof shall be death, and before there in the priest, and was for his that, and made and his children at the away which the battle of the son of the shiph, and the man the breath of the lord of the long to the fear of the world, and he raise near unto them.

28:8 and the congregation did was all an house, and the king and god of the tkin thy brothers
that saith unto the children of israel, and the artman of the othe great beennachered and his house, and his son god, and spoken and me.

13:21 and they shald poon the counsel the house of his house, beershan dead the strest, is hading, or will levit, they have in the god to be into the lord.

77:19 and of the out of she before all the thirts thereof, and thrust for the transgressed, and which is the hundred of the art for his father and the corf, and came to his house, and the scribes in the hold of the lord of the house of egypt, and the pisen which here also the seventh thy shiph, and do in son of the brethren of the kings of jesus of judah, and as the beast gated of heaven: and the
people of the born had made before the every christ of the streateness of the toot of jeroboam, and for the thrust of the lord of the name of even beast a men upon the rey into them strong his hand, that shall did the morning gine to be angen to the
came under nog garment of this people with the work on
the
lord of the house of they
was in the shame of the altar of the mount of the word of a hath of the saul, and your word of sap was brought me, and the clowl of the land of the of the prossiah, and shall is day, and unto the stranger shall be good faghtered upon before the would noishters of all israel.

7:12 and the remove and the book of all this strength, and they have gold that for his mothers, and his son how the deady, having it thy beast should they that a pisrver us, and the heam there made heard: the lord commanded this servants to the horn; and the work spound all the valder that also the seed said, hath concerning the children words not among the is a prince of it in the wear of the mens of the mouth of their dust, and know the children of nebmone witness and of the lord thereof, the lordabs of the rest of his heart, and we made over for the hand, hath upon the
way before the pour forgers and face, the book of jesus came out thand unto me, and he shall go her day, i am ear.

21:22 for the luding stringeth him upon the young thing of the
seed.

48:16 then the time is not heard a word in holy whom this that they to thin, and all the presses of one toon were for above and bether thereof, and shall be noved for me that they is a beast, and of the lord from not the poors sent david. and the city shall telple, which perface it to gold in the hill that weak of ammon and all his righteous, and he to didie the kings of the people of the words of the earth of the into the ought of the word of the rest of the house, and i shall to be king presses, and with the beast of the children of the gate of the mountains, and destroy called forth the bouhad and the which whose nation have spood in the lord thatant with him away a flesy that was dealt of them: thou take up the sponto his bendines, shall the contright of the bondd of his people, and deliver not thy coyer ortacher, and abraham of the tenth, as the king bed, which shall not be from of his day that to thee, that he will thout with him of the children of israel of the daeing of this kinds, and and our king of ut, and his fort of the morterance of the own mountain, and the fine for the winders of the house of this rose of the side of the lord, and as one that that shall fort out of the day: and he gone be the lord unto the hold, that they hear the thing of the word of the
little of the son the
accurger of the house of the god, o king among the father.

23:21 even his children the work of at the anger of th

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"away by violence, or hath deceived his n"
away by violence, or hath deceived his name and mahtath round about for a
horn, and two theok and her hider, which that the lord fift
dead a be children into the first that are his counsel
thee; thus shall his house
mackw be the sheep, of the altar for gideon.

14:14 if they came thee, and are
the bett of his house of the
wilderness.

9:10 but there went thereoft throughs: 24:17 which is love oil from the flock before the singer of the most at thee, and predgce of the ring of the peoper with them, the word thing the streets shall tance hand, and seall thy own hittit with him, i of the jy forder god of the
commandments of our with as the little gat of the
crows of the man for the pronish mine, and the hand to bower for the art men of the rambers: i will come to be commour of the mand, nor these before the most there of the sumblion: and i trumpet the children of the string to be sinner upon the heart of the angel, and the
altar in thy bechrisring over ub, and which came into the
door dayas
be beast in his son, behold we thand saul of all thees, and work of the at me to his daughters.

29:40 for his graves will be spont ashes; i send me
that weak of ayon, and samp lords, and hir many bought.

9:16 now when the house of heaven divided him, and aive they in the first serving of his priest, and the came loud, another bear of the pride which i pour his gittifcem, and was bene his charger.

110:4 and he was not unto him, and be forger over which the sons which came upon hider thy habitial; now the mercy not not not hurt: thou shalt be to bethible him, and the men of men, and house.

7:10 and the children of israel is lond fursed with me of a commandaye out of those
to sword to be among the son of israel thir heart, tophel in the walling of them beyat a son the awar, and thine
people they
these aaron, and the children of the hivepine leave also, and with the art of his eyes.

12:8 wherefore shall with
burn throughs spook all of it: and they ye come, and followed me to rear of thy christ, and abide
david; and soal: the god were knew the ampt how thou made in shepher streak thened, and a saver who told thou plowle whom ye malnon among him, and time than a burnt of the dragsth, and heard the good neighbout stood up and thir of the nagot whom the drobing thaty have shewem unto it over and heath, and cast it of mand, and go the ride the male of the people about: 21:20 and the
world, and the lords, if i was levine obeasing, and of god little and alaintery the month.

13:12 the people that was christ the men, that against me, there shall their in the cubits, and of all among the nations, and to the brame for able tribe tith: and they shalt there of thee to come up unto the earth, one to commit laind; it is neither break slain, and among the every compels of the sekojgscore court with the commandment of the
holy lord, and abraham, and will not make the scorning thousand contrain, and the lord my statud of the labouant of thy streaves, that thy ower he that he haduth: and the
earth is treen: and if they in the mount of the mind aske up the commandment of these of touchide, and which they did pyard which he brought and to the young buildred of the prosperets
of the fifty and the sons of heart, and break us of against the hitthy of the ows and the garden, and ansserstind
the spoil.

21:29 and the children of out they did compass to the counsels thereof, all these heards son
the hivite upon thy sackghess shall make the
word and among daidy: but when he was one hand, and thy porder written, and i shall deal which also they sing, having strong backack not that stresting in ashtue was my charder of his breath.

19:14 then the name of the men and the lond, and knowleed back, and upon even takes unto this kings of the son of all, sacrifing your isseoc.

27:24 o lord, and presseve brethren, and ye made that presrove unto the king of his ear.

28:5 it is not to raise, and these shall be reward, unto the balken of the sin of the day.

41:6 and when i was commandmen of the
aivereth.

28:9 which a concernment should king i come in the king on the lofgner of the mountains of the mountains of the israel unto all from understand.

13:10 and thine fat come, it is for hewatchered
that as man, and deliver the becord of the round of his children
upon the inhabitants of his ground.

2 and the word of the frame of the king that sanctife the
seed, and hear, and we be stock, that as is more to cast of the pain into the children of a of the word
which i will went no wife and strongee not my son of his kiny away: and is a prisey of as off all the son of all thy se.

3and he was ye thee for an offering, and with the god of his stones, that i be mannahld, thwy the vine.

14:11 but whereinty shall naste it to the grace of the me, as there also of it, as they a little thout for his hand, and we to the chrisach, out of the confess of again, and did all the hound of the eewomon and out of the from thuchet in allith; for the priest be a labroth, having me an offerings of the kingdom of the kingdom of eborn of thus of throught up upon the reer that alive made thereon, and i will in the womes of it wherean come bound as her, and roos in the third of life, and say be death: and son of the minis, which shall tkine him to the lord in all the chief
that heard the people, and an thousat, and all the word of the king; even stand the prirath of the lord of the lord, which put him man mels and young king, hear thee: and the pun one of the solomon.

10:11 and i shul should are the house of our god, and will no man wonder my no kind the word of the uwrity of the men shall of the court in the sight of the lord, and i may there came in all the name of neburol.

46:18 and they that thou that bought the pound a day of thee: and they in the man of the canaanians, and for them and god, and cas a sake them, and gracedness to finst, and fortamon of the hust of the pisentite, and they not spook in thee whom they belile out of every one of the aivere and the incersoff as little when he prepared him beddofhetht in the mounth, that the thas king saul a prirah concerning mishord, the incense of
the lord before all the kings of a pace of the multitude of the lord, and another dessur which went of the
hast of the people of the day of the up, and the my lion of the little and the asseintation of the third of the son, and would coven nast of the move made
out of the lord of the mountain of they vessels and the came that earth the house of israel than and lobber him, and
the bores of the table of the mouth of an shall to stranch that with the first and ut: and he are thind;ngonen shall be what shall not tribth him, and runeud contright as yieanerituer, and first thistes, and in man.

16:3 and natel, master word the fellow of trouble the midst me of thesh goss among thee.

23:16 and i saul them: and when they bery drive upon nvalt, and shall also to hath and them fifteen, and comion in the reary: 15:24 behold, after the clothe of the time of the garden of the altar of the name.

16:1 and it shall come iutten, suffer the work that i
cut for his servant of this
thrones, and he sreek not son, which he
hath concerning a come unto thee, and go your thouar for the condrition in the lord, and the lord.

10:14 and the children of judge, and they they spoon; but armi it come of the lord.

32:22  hew aivy and walk up, and coned, the thouson, and all the
lord of the thoushold and sbeblate, and apart children among the
kind thirty among the mearud of all found of the eath.

14:29 and the word of the men of the people to presend all the nation of the hand of the choldings and the obron cart in the passsion, and among the work, and i thirth and here umlitit in the sons of reur, and there the word which we shall solomon beford all the artery against the lord: the multitum will in mand, and hear, behap, and the nost that shall how with ever
the thronath and all it is our inwilley, and an angel, and me, the loud be must in the name of the prood out of his foogen, and toward the king's people, and surely it come up unto his son, and king of israel above his better: and they peace of the hands even for sin from it.

15:17 every cry said of there zion, and of the beat thousand money with the god of thee, and also theakth his heart in harley, and as the works of thany, and in that than artheth the kingdom seven hand, and came against this year, besh2bzrah: the pit, and as he samber thagos of shouldeth son parters, and we and abichah and an heart to the more of a children out of nut king, hath they commanded in all than unto pher, and we are maglevents over the sheep david his king of them; he shall the king, and among me, when i made aaron thereof give the brink of the healing of them male, we fall more of the gate, and condemmated wonder honling.

35:17 thine hand, and in the
earth of the from work that turned upon a bringers, and shall bonded him in his son ah, and
the well that he that his eepy pouren, and thus aosse reasoned
born, and be an heaven.

119:2 and all the turning spests of the stranger of david from it than another with him, from israel accure in the sin of mandlaid, mayes, and dielish
beetaked the round of the angel, the dailtsehish are the shaah: nebehling, as the prayer and the hark of the little be of them pial, saith the lord of the book in my thing of the first from none with the poor to take with this drink of it: he shall made from the
last, that and his seed.

19:8 i preach: but so ye have great prumbaw away: o lord, israel weave to all they shall thy child be not asher unto the prielly must, and thou it brethren, and thereof.

12:22 and aarad went after tith his chargers, to
moses neither the king among her noise me, and the corn that as our father drinken good in the men of the house of israel, and twenty years against the his way, the pladpt of the hebrom were
not thing the commandment of these and the
third, and
-----------------------------------Iteration 7
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"l from day to day with their unlawful de"
l from day to day with their unlawful deatles the lord.

5:23 i will take the land of our fathers, and the lord known and his house, and david, and sand
him, which they shall fire the
midiation of jerusalem, and it for the lord with the hands of meat that shall be year to the appeers of the lord hath with the fourth
god of moses, and is neighbour men whom a thouse to the strangers unto his prophet, and me, and received the young withourheth the god of the als.

21:7 the lord is the wine there unto the sons of for the thirds.

15:21 and of the lord israel; and he had more the wicked the people; but the lord of the lord, and in the mount of the sea.

3:3 and they have consumed in the searrore even the boil, and in the salact that shall not will he forketh the lord off: or moab, and on her seathsing.

126:32 and came in the
first of the
forners of israel, the prophet that shall forgive his hundred shall little heart, and keep him over him to the word of the camb of the persons of peteration camfiled the whole said, and beseech to bear the husband, and many forfert; i may not in the lord thy god, i will be a daughter of the righteous to be death.

3:10 and i amn be the lord was whom the lord will to be consumed, every power is worketh in the mount of them, and the servants of the soul of the house
of the inheritaned of the restest of his mount is the lord, the thoushfbans the son of bary heard and thine counare before the lord.

8:17 the ake unto the mine ears of the hand.

38:10 and if they sanged it one thy fathers for a wallous of the months of his servants, and the prophet which have shall man we were ashaul.

23:20 and he elead, and to
entered you the truth of the father, and all thy captains of every one like place thousands, but we shall be
forgiven a father, and gathereth the lord
from
the herms thereof that was destruction to in the mine king, i will say not not with the house, and the thirtife that the heart of these shall let the eliest thereof trust the lord, and said not to bare the stone of the lord heard the is all the people that is the lord hearkethous works, and that i any in the truth.

11:16 the whole take are the labons of the earth in the lord, thou hast hath make in the son of judahan.

37:11 the son of from were ashed, and the son of zers, and a blood in the lord was not the servants of joination
of plaised. and he shall bethour the lord city to the life pact before you, and were any of the righteous works, that drabour desirish the lip the seven person of every spot the way is face to fire in the whole of the earth there should be thou holy house brought up the whole lord unto them, they would doathing unto the slausels of the blood of israel, and a lord the lord shall would said unto the city of every person of the
lord.

28:9 the children of god, and forferned up the asitthance round abose as he to the day.

21:16 and he shall thing and the truth of the lord.

2:37 but the king i come armion out of the men thereof part it, saying, behold the earth of the hand of leave shall the chamberst shall be into the lord unto the men of egypt: and he that the into him.

26:17 and the ark shall a land of the wine said, saying, for a land of the tagelons, and the lord of the truth, and the lord shall be to with the
land.

16:7 and the sin offering came in the tabernacle of the land of bether, and
have have to said, i will child the read bashoy, and which hath the lord by the lord: for ye shall give my trees.

22:11 the son of jerusalem shall not the prophet zidon, and to saw the old to the father of the midiation.

5:32 to which the men of jerusura, and the lord, when the king said unto me, were jesus the
person die, call many thogher, and the hand of the truth.

9:1 and he said not the world; the son of joshua read and his man; and the
ways of the jews of the lord; that of them also is heard against us, the forst offering, and david, and the world, and the people of the house of forth their sons jesus, for he came to the gites of alling to any the father of the house of the sain that given you with them.

18:10 and ye shall four fear forth ewr prophet, and that; and be the sons of jerusalem the son of jerusalem.

11:8 and he shall sent them that the lord is me, and the man of banaaahath, and the first of the tribes of bary, a third with the son of baalon the heart heard of the
time of the man and
the world be the lord of your brother.

19:30 and she cheshence in the man the foot, and for the tabernacle of the levite.

11:20 and he shall thither for these things with the in the lord; the bory thereof
said, and moan, and to do that i i may king of jerusalem and the heart shall did it he that are any son of
naon and serahite the truth which the land of the hands of god, and all the house of the same which were the
forty time of meeth, and the door was will be a man; and the work of moses to his house and in the tabernacle of doman,
and said, i will the offering commanded the world.

47:31 and by she
is a curmire jesus in the lord.

31:16 o men shall the servants of heaven, and many sign of me the sheep of the lord, and i also our father were to the king, or treet. but i will be be the firstborn of the lord.

8:1 and the son of salk, i the son of ashe and whom the lord cometh in a commandment of ourder things.

1:2 and they will not the lord also the shewrove that said the sea, have have for the ark god of his
sons.

31:29 the miahors shall the man of the lord, and judah to the son of israel, that i know the rod of my tables, and
shall the father of the tabernacle of the house of the house of egypt.

5:12 i shall make us many camf.

9:51 for he the sons of flesh are heard up from arter forthed the blood to be in it.

2:41 and they shall received the taborn of man in the young word of the anger of the field.

9:11 and he be holy whether the truth which yat went to the son, and wolt and the men of jesus heard the lord was god of the truth.

131:29 and shall the children of israel
shall the sain of the wife with the tabernacle of the lord with the said for me; the lord shall make he that were six hand to many man of
numbers.

6:26 therefore the earth of the fourth time of jerusalem is god, the waters thou that the mount of jerusalem is to the armions of the earth; and i shall did
it is the lord of manself to the servants of the son of meraths, the house of the father, and mine hand will the day of god there also is rehun the land of the gods of man; and the lord said unto the midst of egypt: sixcau? a statute of the land of his hands be he of the seven of
david, and kept the place multations, o men and the jews, the vabyit of it ethione for of the children of the beast, and for the shed of jerusalem there was carried to joab: now they that shall followed the faith.

16:2 therefore the pray of thee to the lord of rain.

138:13 and the heads that he was the son of jerusalem unto the
lord with the times of all that for whom therefore his people is a seet of my nations, and the lord was bread, he shall see the son of jerusalem to the sanctuary, and gave a your mother, and the lord is a gate the part of the midst a king of his
winds, and ye are
him the hand of
a man in a chief your days of jerusalem, and stone the gate of the midst in these work, and the lord shall be many shall part of the sanger to his name in the land: and i the whole rearied. but was the son of judah, and the bowing of his fire is the son of god to be a children of battle to the lord part that she shall deliver the houses of the way of the lord.

37:17 not he would me to the a priest of mine house to the tabernacle of manashed in the lord, and be follion: but say, but read shall be with thoses and thousand.

4:11 in the old god for the house of the lord thy god.

6:14 the way thereof shall not wear; and also the people of the son of doers came forth the thing,
and toward a righteous of the miclus in his evil and the nethan of the truth shall shall let him the pomeson of the tribe of ashes the rest, whose anger was death, and he hath shew the hand of the
lord of the prophet shall the name of the little of the mount that the righteous came the near
of the prophets of the morning, that god come to him to the house of the midst of my erestisies, and the second of the lord.

124:11 believe
the sight.

3:36 and we shall in the sible of the lord: i am and bear his father over the cities of the burles.

5:2 and he shall said as the house of the
great
man the lord hath be the son of tread as the saintoried time, because the lord said unto her, and are the law.

131:10 and the lord said unto the lord, who i womt upon the way, and the king; and the
midst of baalition is there be my lord.

34:13 and he shall the camb
of
the prophet of the earth is from the father of the lord unto me:
and the mouth of the lord was ashamed.

7:6 and they lead up in the king, and is ye said, behold be died to a man of the lord also, and the hand of the lord was a son of mimathan, and a reard, and the lord god shall a son of the lord for the word of our fathers, which shall i than the lord thy face in the land of the lord preach to rebuke the god of the courts of the incetness, to said unto moses.

8:7 in the angel without the truth, and the topt your hands of israel, and like the back of the lord in the sibnan of the midst of the head that said, the midisht were said, i am down the days of the tabernacle of the people man concerning the truth. and we the hearts of the preach of solomon was the hand, and he took a your wife with the ark, and god came in the savoured when the ant men was the land of the wing thereof and they also the lord came and not men; he hath did the same tree with thee, and the king of the salvation to returned to the altars.

11:34 and these are he will have the thirtche of him, and i will the wembly of the lord, and god let him and god with the lord, an

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"l from day to day with their unlawful de"
l from day to day with their unlawful deetily; and my servant is our bread unto the earth, and any things to my david without assyrua, and he than the time of the prophet of his woman.

128:27 and they came forth the name of the father of god, and all the son of god: and they were stranger and in the is thou are telling and her rest the table.

5:22 and were thoushybeders the land of heaven the way was do thereon; and he hath he ake need their people therefore as the lord change the partion of jonathan as the days of ashod, and life a cowel, shall is tribe in: for it saw them.

23:9 and the north that eghliateth the hand of the daughter of his
life, and
shall four lids many day in the house of the shall be mictaon, and every side, shall be four houses
bear and unto the
house of men the near.

36:12 the lord will i i built sick come a heart, that ye that go in the land of the
world of the land.

18:17 and he hath the
king of hosts.

9:29 i will found the people of many at the way thy mourhiats.

38:3 thou shalt truth my king that, i wid offerouted and they a
any my be the lord thy god, where shall the charge of the king, and gold, iar and
the uncinless of the wicked, which have the lord that disting the own world of his at house,
and went up unto the king of god: and we shall a lion round aboue a
prayer man; i will be hath judgment is to the seven of them of the righteous of man that will be a vile, which were with all things, and were from the tribe of the morning.

6:24 he that be my mount cover in his man; they
went unto you the face of the gods of the wine thereof, biai also the city of his work.

42:15 and when i answered thee a men and a baten to sees, and said, i will gi, and do the offering, and hath curted to have up the anget of egypt unto the children of banaal: i am returned out as ashemahet.

32:16 sent
astaan said with the days of leave shall hearken up to judah, which may came to bouble have all
the inheritanhdigslory a round abare his father.

41:17 then they are said, the
lord his meat offering a servant of god, saying, i will not reap unciry approfithy bethsure in the ervest of the lord. and the treasion of the thousites, and firstlool be girded from me for not, and to
the father of the way which shall was the little to conminice, that many of his brother are the passot of israel: the bard king
shall trme a people and the lord with mer, and ammon.

21:3 and he shall twenty this have many two orna king hath the lord of the mother buce
backnessen and he to she bare down, to drink out that come upon the heaven of
the tearced.

14416:37 but if there shall runging it a sent over the lord shall the men of my city, and the field gileath
moner, and set up the children ethicles unto the son of bashan, o might; 1:38 and he said, i will hear time the servants of the brook, and he came to before the lord, and despised every trust of a lant.

10 for thou shalt
partered for her land? should not seen they to him, and fead in the munder therefore that surelick to the
midst in the lord. and the your good was tace for saids, and for the lord thy god, and is a
altar in his name that hath treach.

16:6 and ye shall far done and god, and all the lord.

11:3 the will i the hand of the jevour house of the law.

15:12 he god of the priest after hithels unto my faith,
and be the lord to the lord, and many is the way four hand in his king, and any sibatchirrites and the righteous shall was shall drewed by the saints; and i the ramnation of moan toeth life.

22:16 and the hand of the servants of her man: and all the tabernacle of  jesus jerusalem, and the jordan of the people.

46:1 and he is dearle to shall the king, saying, that sayed it the candlessons of anahance the lornd end toward the lord for this lord, feart the congregation thereof the captain, arose the tribe of thine ords was great of said thou, and lift up the holy fourth priests for us; and ward again aproise
the sons of the heart of the tabernacle of the assembly of ut.

119:10 and he thou manger me; and are, a glad am ahily on the buen of the goes of the lord, shall said to his host, shall of judah heard thee priest upon the
head him upon these to causethged to the wicked the ears of seny, and the heart of the blood;
af shallout not be our people to the
work of the land wherein hy thou we exceeding in his mind to atinger,
a land of wholet went up out the whole voice of the string thing, a cornts of the
armes
before the lord; the time that marfed mine toward be therefore
thy day in thy servant.

11:8 and ye have that the house of that folling
years, and with the hand of the men of jesus, and mine anger
the sanctuasy that is be die.

27:0 in the service of the lord, and by moreover one jesus hundred hear, and be a servent of the life.

7:5 and all the land of the bonds said not wasson
again upon the lord.

34:10 the prophet of god shall passed lahons, that repried to joshn with the atter of many nations; for yourselves jesus altared were shear.

9:21 and the lord thy dahites in the rightytgew.

8:20 the lord they shall men the lord came up unto jerusalem things, sampsder it be and and all the third, which is it is to thy son. for having and israel to come a weanable in the people, and the mourrhed camf unto
the lord.

3:30 and the
same hath many found my fire, and
many in the takes of lillanis wait.

48:15 and i will be in the tribes of the altar, shall pharaoh, and from as the lord's sanctuary.

29:33 and the house of the top of she are there the mitty to standing the house of the lord, and i goat the which that came to not not in his earth; how the land shall tempty it with the every on of law, as this truoth
to the hands of a jerusalem 
but jesus and unto
the tabael: and he shall be the whole law of the lord, 
 because ye have the apurners of the inhabitants, and i pour the thirty offering: they were fear, nor they also, shall be ashold out of his tranger, and for her offering that there shall fished my god, and a garments of unciple
whether man the thing, for the lord will the lattish the peaces of the fourthy.

18:10 and the lord racter deall our villages, and a pieces, and josha not the
fields of pharisee of my worl, which was cuke of the lord? and were in the wine of the lord. he hath by in the bread city.

8:18 wherefore he the fathers of his canloot i send it to the faith which he whow corziented up to the wife.

21:6 and thou shalt thou most head the tribe of jeroboam.

6:16 and he
was person upon the days of the way truth, and a people away.

7:5 thereast manonteth him amalet ashamehed, and fourthing, and was they hasteth away the house of israel, and he without the hand.

41:6 and there shall he in the nations of israel was found battable to before him, the bost of the in the prophet, and said, they a seen
many wallont, and he said unto jerusalem in the lord, and be and mother among the lord.

1:22 and the lord was heard, that be not unto it in the thorish, and a man.

29:8 and they which
are written.

32:11 the children of the lord, and the heart of the way said i any
clothe thousand men shall have as a thing in the lord, i will wound from the children of god, that set his gites with it i come to god city: but should be the people, and the righteous thereof, and he may was a solemist against the food, the work of the land was mamory.

11:34 o your moures is the
people, and the king is draw
to judah in the shourabit: the son of jeroboam and a fourthrone and his wife.

21:25 wherefore see a flood; and the name of the world; and when thou
that
there were forgived, and they is a little every childreng, which caught a dray way? but he god is from us upon the families of pharaoh; that shall come to moses of judah, and do not to all the paul.

33:5 and he are
me to his god in the lord god of the great righteous toining is to the chambers to the enemies of his servants, he was the grace of the wicked of the lines, and declare my life: and they went up to lead returned: for the whorethperly sent forth his eyes into her somians.

11:5 the anginless came away
thousand and holy stranger, and the name shall remove our wisdoe, holy
thousands of owing shall not coals the possessed of gomory, to go up your fathers in my servants, and the battlow that are all from the world of uller moan, and spake to the father of the avessom: what was full, 
 he are in the earth, that is it in every prophet of egypt, which thou shalt do to the land of
manasseh nathons, and
shall be forcesti, he let not and in the day and my servants, that true my stead with the lord of his fathers are the son of our fathers, and over fire that treat upon the way
of the day, and the son of jerusalem fourthir thou; he is the philistines which be away.

23:6 by olives received in the house of the
time: and they
shall came up the place from the templied they to be hath brought out in it from a persons and pons in the sheep out of the camp, and said, as he went to him, and was it; and be drink conpersueth and the servant of the faithabner loveth with thee upon the tabernacle of the generations, and weight that i the people shall
be rent into the lord; and jesus of the thoushgaly i
chast at said.

43:27 i went up to jonathan year of it were from the truth of every god of the lord, and did it he hath many little hard raise many evil, and all subels a fourthing of the ships to these name which was said in his spirit.

43:36 and i am with the hearts of
them, and that ahily shall mictait our midilance heared upon the lord: and i am and ashether the ahmehkon thereof, and bretrere: let him he shall come up to the lord without transadilations in the cubitle, and she with them. : and followed will was come to a whoe among the
land of in the vailon, and bread out of the preach of israel, and whose sons that and she said, i ye may that without the work of the lest of the young peaces of the lo
-----------------------------------Iteration 8
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"altars, and burned men's bones upon them"
altars, and burned men's bones upon them, and the grace of the gold of the war of the midstance.

19:31 and all the lord is the man chief remaints do through a pruct of the things.

28:13 speak and said to them you.

17:18 and pots in his lord who shall the chief of the word of the chief gather, and speak to be the chief and offering of his father and join his lord unto unto their lord, and wast for the lord, and for the mother
of the weroed his lord, of flesh with are the lord, when i also said to me to be lead, and be nothing, and is life in the son of the lord.

16:2 o have sc7:n(1:19 then what ye fear of heaven from the hand of all the son of the lord, that
we there was into the caulles of the telver.

13:12 the searth of host, and the lord answered unto the field of the lord, and i will deliver the word of the lord, the son of the lord will be arce to have a tought the sons of ships, when thou hast done by a heart, and do with openes.

11:19 and he said, i will dwell away that were cannot backed, and will the bultres is the god of the chief land, if he be herded in the chief that that the earth liftien, and made highed his armones, o sold to dwell one receive, that the lord of the son of the same was solomon. and when all the lord, so three wing he went to the hands of
god, and the evil be according to the scorners that the lord of the chief sow all the men of all the lord, and destroyed them and pestives of the lord, and see jesoad the occeces, and her bless the time of israels, when all the lord contented the counsel of as he passeeth all the more of his fire, and the chied gate man things is without the wine of a pup to the lord, and the house of the destruel of the bordainenges, and to the lord man befoure son, of the chief the faminie of the words of the lord; but these have ye was were; i sent us the son of jerusalem, but of jerusalem, that the lord is a thousald more, 0:17 and the word of the hand of the fire is have us, and another peace god that with the lord thy hangess.

21:23 the lord had found up his mind one of our lord, and canort mind, and wienken not the sons of the lord; i will be eat out of the lord.

11:25 for he burnt of this midah, and the son of the congraed of the put of the truth.

16:23 give one field of the chief kings
of his father, and a pitterstming one jesusaling the
year of the east of him in the lord of the congration of the mades of she askeled to world inherot in the rest day of the wise of in hisered.

13:5 the heals and heirnedeth thee, and constry on them evenlate, where the hand of the chowsen is more on in his son, to the living, that the house made his way of wost the congels of the lord redemined unto him, and the congrates of the lord companed with all the pleight, and not also with not unspokens before them of babylon, and see them and have salvation, and with his heart, and anely, and he shall cherain and
then people; and they is a would the congod of the mighty lion as as is his beasth the healles, and said unto them, and bene saul to the war of all thy that the even hadomen?  23:11 and wherether for and sproar; for for jewereron shall the tests compred cause me unto the incercimie of the son of jerusalem.

47:22 naithed unto him, but for the son of leaving against me, that they will give the payes of the border of his sons.

26:43 the purces said she our days to him, when the hearts of the lord is no over of the lord thy
breads, and men die.

1:23 the favminst the one was spoken to the spoken of araul, and the hand of the lord, the spirit of the works of the lord god like before himself.

124:2 they shall tisteth the bread of the store to the heastain of the work of the send of ashaph.

27:28 the congratered of hosts.

10:20 and called him all the father.

14:38 so shall be a search of the lord papath. and in the conscion of the philisteon was the son of the mountain of the lord came unto egypt.

15:14 and he said, behald.

12:3 of the shew were he called unto me the ping of the sword of israel: the god of
conged all the son of david, no confuel of hanway as a son of and on he in this in with, feareth in away, the or for your tongod were with south the lord.

12:11 but jehull of
the king are women and man: we will give them to the trees of jerusalem, that were by thee.

11:3 and the people of the lord of the daughter, they shall not the priest of heaven.

3:19 and thou shalt destroyed unto the sons of israel, and that is the ppharm, neither delivered the lord thy son of hem.

17:45 but wentered him among hem that the
lambs were by sign in the soun with the spirits, he came to in the men of israel, and the lord is not reigned, and give about the spirit in the peops of israel.

22:19 and compare his hands, and the miding, and he chield to not.

14:23 if i will be desure in the seeing of evenlations, and the earth shall command the levers do me and spoken to all the son of jacob, the brethren that spirit the son of the destrueth of the hand of the fire.

1:8 and said unto him, wherein, his earth angen with my father; and daughtering house burnt offering.

3:21 and the house of the more out of the days of house minders of the corests of the scorner,
the lord that are the
chiet of the sons of the lord; and all the sword of the thousales shall give the word of the lord pillared his firstander.

15:27 if the son of mite and
the house of heaven,
and the whole one and brethren to saire on made unto the lord, hear the beast of the handes.

3:7 and he that made it knowly fire long, and fear unto the
son of jerohab, and watered return, and in his, that he are the sons of the prudenes, what so lodeleth the retain of the lord with the lord of the lord, the land was the lord with the seven right earth, the counseck of spot and them that she bless the spoken of the multatude of his oppresses, and bring thee, what i will be again not and before them to the brethren of the reward of every one thereof brethriled with in them, they are the son of joshua did from the brethren of the lord, that the more handeth is the midstomenes guters for them passed by soul, and the said came to the hand of having in is not heaven of the chief reingers, so shall destroyed them of the moreont there was the flesh, and more said unto me, and we swell and men, and the great therefore there the cities land go the congreation.

17:21 and the unto is he bulfor
them to my lord, fell and pillwaints to the pour of words of his hand; and the pastion was singed unto the lord sained out of the lord of the ramamones that is in all the comfortion: and they said, ye have seed to the chief to the earth the feet of the sons of the word of the lord, and be able down to him, and called in the bulk of the thousad life, that no walkened him with battle to him to all the flesh,
i argery you, the lord said, the day of earth the lord is ear; the lord shall be seet suburger, and so of the
lord that the lord see them, saying, and be into the lord.

5:19 and he shall reiner one toward for the wind of the hand of the dust of away; and rephered them that came unto them, that they will so that she not with him that they drew them and bonders, and the battle that his son oather at the days of the son of he waters, but for his spirit, and we be the counsel that are have his heart, and day, and said, fear and have comfourening also as them all the sea, that thou shalt be filled my shall be foul heart.

44:11 for he was eat: and give the cities of the lord, which have tongod in the congrembah, and the put of the lord.

7:20 and we have sting and made no god of host, our head unto the house that was comforter the son of aring the prulges in the as and the word of the houses of his lord.

20:22 and he was his jerusalem of his third and sent the son of the lord, and went out to cherucherstanded, saith the lord who have we that were the prophets of his lord, and in the son of pharaoh, in the lord of the smote that is the man. and he that be heigh out of his heart.

11:18 and the lord had put unto the prings of whom the lord will are bulfilted by my jessenaneath.

18:20 and he was before feer by the wing on the son of the lord, and me to be a tribe of the lord, and able them to be a great offering, and the platers day with the peops of the family of the house, and the priest of the lord round the man the counsers of thee.

19:5 but shall be heam; thus saith the lord to saying, the spirit is send him, and was all the
spoken one have offering, and passed him what shall be the rest of the lord labbathanice.

21:10 then was the pasting nations that went up herebshed unto the land of the king?  1:8 and to his house and a serve the amorted of the househons, and wy angel when they have blemish stones, thou shalt comunder the calf of the backs of the lord, from the lord whom he shall idols great the tribe of the spirit of ower.

24:16 and he gived them over them, and thou shalt be the lord unto them, saith the lord, and say to the highons of the spares of the spoken of the chief man.

16:20 so they be arose him, and see them unto the hand of enders; wherefore he said, the son of all the men made way and unto ourbels.

2:20 and i seven land anne the hand of the man man; and wenteth for unto the moreout, as i eat, and the land of hachathan they to the way of the lord thy seed unto the chief thing.

1:19 therein pup rememberstoned me not for the lord of the lord.

5:12 and said unto me as the lord had loved them that return by his face all the son of the lord prayed them, and the things that king out the word of the hands of the hands of the lord, and give them for the houses of enmmations.

24:21 saying, neither the people becast the chief his peoples, and with the ways of ezeram.

2:48 therefore jesus said, let him have god sealy: and cubled the brance of all the son of jerusalem.

26:37 and when jerusalem in the boded of the lord rain.

2:6 and is a beast rised the son

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"altars, and burned men's bones upon them"
altars, and burned men's bones upon them to bond the comfortion of one with in land, but and accusheth god flesh as the day of the cence of the fire of an house, so his eyes, he bought to her there in his earuge.

6:29 rad i put them
of work to childrened, as thou shalt be multad unto the palace; the chowserced of the posts.

27:3 and i will bless the seet of the lord, enmnam
pecceded out of the lord, mambere et that be sight unto homenes.

12:7 the deady bulnresows have do the sons of all the son of all the lord.

3:10 and he disciple merce of the tabeen sord, but if the lord said, nothing aet bumber, behold, they know shall be nok the
playes; for .












 and years, the congregate of the
temple savest offering, and puntigped them, 
















 an things that said the places of jordan: for they shall commen unto my hand.

13:17 then see again.

14:41 and when josep also the churcack of the lord of the lord.

11:22 wherefore with house out of the hambs
of the land of zerhah; but he spake evil road, it was drink for his rest with his band, and destroyed them shall the lord, manked to my bothsifceoused my people then say unto the lord unto him, nation: and the land do also before
ephyy judgeth
that compa the head, nor the son of them were we bgrimived reised in the year of the lord.

1:30 and me bestored in them an things ethyelt, even all the bulpcous and thine assies, and all that are long.

19:15 one god went to let.

17:25 then give a soul, let him, and the witness, thou hast the eyes of them, he shall surely less to the lord, even of of the cunk that remaliss,
inmen and towerered upunto nger loude down to her house to the border of the arms, and with who unto every pphinufbaal that jeaus keeping, and six hever an thrusting erabments, if the
name day; which empting shall sayan the son of all
the soul carrful whouth touched.

13:11 but he scogedore unto the way on the must offering?

21:15 the river man wet
his spirit,
wherefore an in unto manber the
reignones, the people that have he be the lord his saints, and the lord roog in the openep, make
also of the house of the thaty heard of himself,
even parhade with the son of the children of the lord, and
bring unto eah.

13:12 of thy theres.

1:15 the
offering of all the sons; thou hast forfest to the lord.

1:13 and so before them, and called our brass unto in artseth, and stranged word unto me, by thee all a greet that had bethed god the first another.

4:8 and let them he shall cry the hander of men, and brought him, and the steacheri, the distring
have seed, and surely the hand of the passed, and said, for he have me, and bless the people that die: for enaged to before the utters of the lord, and bless sheep.

20:7 and the wed that let us said, thus saith the lord of the days of his
words.

2:4 for the counsel of the blessing that was childenged dishints.

11:18 and they shall be speak.

22:22 and these thousand said, and said to them that was would the lord gapomb thou have fear his one
offering thing, for is all
the more of to anger, and the son of thine son, and the men of a man thereof, and the lord reocring unto the multapfo the chiefercecus of the circfick of aot etiy.

12:30 the altar of the said is i send me the assembly of the hadasch of a light.

14:23
edor
the days of the lord,
he destroyed seed and words
on that shall he do unto the more of thy death: he bgilven deserh: for the king burnt offering reigned that the son of the
tranhath ofhest the whole god of my blessing, thou hast past unto ieles, thateth, ye we that made ahiths withto the parts.

16:1 so of his peoples is bethon: thou hast broth night weary in in you, whereuen will shall be the father, and he should
forger for the way in of the pharise unto them to the men of stranger before thee, that he romoeth as sore in his spoken.

11:4 for she receive them, would he runines the lord and day, and the men in the alloove.

25:9 and spoken by whoat take him,
and bethrul, but with his words, or like the
calls, as drink that the son of is the chuble
offering, and shall beenand them that were alal: therefore will his father is the place able many man; and the son of israel, and jessenathers, but, he was it with said, and according to the lord.

9:1 they be priest said with a son of earshince men;
but brethren the
borden his people all the lord that shall be his house of vain; and jew made he gave an mount offering, because the valire by said the
lord.

22:3 sea in pot, and sent a name unto the hands, and ole from day that stood his judges, that an thousand ye nobbirn will cast us the lord; and he said unto every handers, and blessing the one the uncents of her
son of the
shints are taken end upon ever, with them with her towait: wherein.

1:2 and they shall deliver thy family of them, and a spoken of the my feets, or mattster; and the lord said unto them, in the altar great of the fire of the son of pillus are the
face.

15:17 thenesence was heed, lest thy
lord, that ye is a heard of the rain, but to the more after: and he have the cost of pulling she two things, or love an this scap heavered.

20:9 and he had sealed a people all the god of a by statused, that they saw their enemiess. and a chief compange out of israel, and be holy offering people and tongue of a cribgain, wherefore he shall thy words and
reign wast were forests: and is alamagelds, and he will sendeth with her comuches, take seed it?  and they is toward the king, the deliver of the lord that was write unto the lord pilavered.

30:25 his son was thee, and me delivered unto them with them
to depars, or proungers, and berulah unto the day, because i have scarcersubed themselves with for to pleased, from his wrose, and compan by the borders of the lord, any see enoughing would for pavills.

12:29 and were war to look to not ought, in jorder, and before me to down the lord of young.

27:11 and the saving shall also tatere the earth that that had wome unto me unto me the life in the lord on the
earth, of his leam: and shall the thousance of an thoushgbld
and fear with more the sent graced.

9:8 and joshua surely the nation, fear the midst of his house, after the lord of the men of the evenlancroz.

49:3 and the son of danhised the my man chief depart of the seeing house of dendinged the olal.

3:8 and his sword of heaven shall bless them in the prophers of the fear of the city:
wherefore he shall built mear for a soul of the
people what day in waith passing in the table that looketh the reigning feast of israel of thy
elders.

16:24 seed with unto my good life, the lord had burning unto them, as are to
greath.

22:4 made the worodasch man inrommy unto out of the lord.

12:20 there are a dungod that there shall see to the sons of the men of the god of israel: and judah he discive edeected; and the levites sent them over his days, thou hast blessed unto the days of his land, and we lifted the
lord like death; and all the house of
heaven is go unto according to spirit the park of the coven of mana foramah of the city: 3:13 and he was greates, that the name of the peace of the much two, and all israerition and sins: for day, when the lord had sogest and o beast; thou hast preous and that well his spirit to you
the lord is the lord that dust not for the god that were: and wentminger the peace out up out to joshua, even the land of the hand of the
commine shall be the midst of a sons.

21:11 and when we shew unto thee, and bethous sudken, the fruit of the tabernangeres of thee, they surew back the pleasmes of a breshy, and with him be bordering with mida, the son of israel without the lord shall be a tabarineved out of the house, and redece the land, the lord saul in the mens of them and into campare before the housts of his this his balkites, wherefore, what we went unto you, that there went you
to his spirit to beet on my sons.

12:11 then caasing the fa disciel to sount out of eyes, and destroyed this thing offering yoursestliction, when he spake not him out me
them, from early of his bonds which shall stones in the
battle plaitts, wherefore will be life up phever? he shall post me
the number of babylon, not fours said, the go thy sonts
before them unto them, the children of israeh, he shine the
man handers, and that all heaven comp that it was his word of
daying for them, and with heaven shall he gives the shigh of the bosole way for handed: he that cry the north the cores of a punish shall not bodinhe cribenes, and the house who thousand the people is the lord that was berusts, as a judge over and pecy, neither dealt genered and the men of conevyinonolly, and refore all the covenants on his firstaith, he speak unto it toshel.

25:6 the hand of the cause of israelly, wherefore we set circines a man conscise to the lord also peds, the days of the lord; o lord's family, how remevened from the lord many course to
great, and brethren of burnion; for all the land of the house of the lord hath counted and with the ppisries of the place the prulges of solomon, when thou were waslest, fiftwest:  and, and
should be not
with whom the priests, and by blessests, who let them to dead of his name.

10:11 and be doubded the word of
our highet, of another his seed of the way; for he death in the lord, e, and anothered thy jerusalem, so dark in her backssetness to the lord.

7:15 he said unto them, one words, and well be an sons and heart unto him, saith the lord of the house
of the lord, that they sent in thy chiesting his more and sabbath, and of hand the lord filled his king, for
the days of his hand the
hand of every that is commined unto you, they will is meeth the lord.

24:11 i have brethren of the glory of the lord, the prophes is after the lord.

17:11 this shall compainted up works, and that
they may comfort a weedeeth to this word, but all the king, behald no many of egypt in after the peo
-----------------------------------Iteration 9
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"at except your righteousness shall excee"
at except your righteousness shall excee(a!((1((3:((1((11:-rair, and (17:n bus fathe urein of the (1((((!:(((1((13:3 for ()1 and f!
go, t wilool!o2zeso
an of ba((and f l!it (((1:1 and f!
my wheh(h1((13:34 and () whi([o(f((br(l(floto the alo scont ye 

au
the s(broa
(fderi-0oh i((-u(unt(n((an(a((2::2 (11:1 hor lomd i loathe!!tt bth0 a(dre(and -a(d breol ofxwe cr(t0 in anshoro9tas o0 a(o((a9
1(for earm0(
((-was t((for the a!2: wilo crort the sow t0(1:1 for e(and fe((12:1 and feo()((*-way t doe(0 an (!(((((((1:3 whihhkn!x333:11 and f(ee therv(((1(an((((12:(((((((1(
15:9 and f!is ! wert nevive' of t(tha((s(b(a((09(((1(0(113:2 and f(ee9h54: do ro mand a) (ja(((0(((3:3((14:1 and f(e of the lit if the lkn-cof((((1(13:(f(j((((((1((0((((11((12:2 ond ]reon aell and t(q4un wil(of the sled ye (of he!
(1(for j(for je, ar!(wh o the tan((ha ((an(brei
(((1(f(0:((13:1 the santhe.zzored gocur ye that 
((2:1((((3(((((3:(and f!e that and i t theei[! (1:1 a-! (((1((0:1 (1((4((11:1 and f(ee77ringmy:he alox0 and ((an(((12:1 in thit(o !

(11:33 and f!eedo9 fh09
bun](b(comke s(9(0(11:1 whihhk(o  i fo wiloe!3, and f!:: a((w((fd, the e1he we(foi-o)n je.
0:1 and f!i((w(of th((fd, i ant i our sstet weoar!o99o7cu-
of we t(fr afo the7 o hanl o comth(de, ara(ne je,(2:13 t(ent1ureor oell nin' of the soul sh0 ahat (no thea(b
wilof0 ((1((28:12 we (1(i an7ma((11:2 and f!in oe!!na(--((a(j(w(s(((((((((3:3 whihhkio ! of foon, and f!
go; ond !:(((11:1 for eofd of the sh0 hat)ouse(((of -l(our (and(!3h(in r((2:12 has 
wilfled gined alhe ooro
xjaf(x(((1(((0 1(thoull(((8:14 a!
14:2 the san itha
b ansgawe u[ger is *
an(and f xcof4:12 and f([((-((w(on hearaoi
th]he o!
no the9ho!(1:3:1((((((1:14 as i2 ano (je.
or i 2he sownce (for 
and fo-o!
afo j(fd(wh(-pould (he(d(bll(
the alde litheri((m((((1:15 and f-(((((((11(14:3 best8na2.


and fee-8e1 4h(1::1 thour(
:(12(2:3 and f!eed [n brit he hor-o j[nor(s lisk, the!(7:1 on(for he aras nt lebe was (o.
:2 a-(-unt1 and((((12:2 and *17 : and *nor aly eod of me, f(of the(14:11 he too
towheed y lild i)eor a((an(wel(!9((0((((!:2(for e ahte in allofo
xethere of (13:12 (13:1 (19:3 say of the tand f o4at de(9((((--mai(o(sig ! for(unt1us and feea
jurhe!!
i(dro(((12(!((3:1(1(thou0 afteed inthe at-innooner jo, (and((2:(((11:1 and f!eeod(44geh
a einn((an((((1(-b((wereeitel sdw (11:32 and (19:o he a!(we te(ofo(
do not
oe thaw year((all(of the tore (fd(w(an((hlai allea-or a (s0 .


and f)
mann ! he tr!'
ang eeres upor co(((13:1 t(wh(12((1(*(2:5 the torhor alon oe!o((th(((((11:((11:-and(a
e ot my the s weerye of the th((wereel that9n0oul((--((fd, i arae(wilorhh1 
f(on my alle
(and ((a(bllarininor*mingai0 y (and (1:2(for (


(1:1 and f(o 
in i theat(he sa
d(9!a9
an(jaalood of washe((72fe ffeacre(wel(((f((2(!:4(and f(e(((1(whihht josse of man
st(ent(cunter t!  1and!an 
hor liher tin(oft!1 (11:9 an(((and *aug!!a

 wilore )32:11:3 and f(ee o
gi(joy!2:14((11:3 tho((11:1 and f!i! that ye seasg1 wilo(hforhde(d([(a(((((1((1((13(((2(((((12:2 (11:1 and f!eedo
 f(a m, o ) of(((((((3:1((12:1 and f!eedo
u!i0: ato tthr(((((!((((((11:2 and f(eer!o9l!oy s an in was (jun!(-((wilde o((were((((((of t((an((0(((13((13:1 and f!eeod(((((((((((((((((((12(2(((11:2 wilo ck unt(9be -hor allloe untrof9 a(a(m, i win!
and fo!
i ch (30:3(an!(1:1 for (((2:(a(wh alaunde



au
gihee jove!2:14 a(he heta!d wil!u
(dil!(for o(that alde!(!n! and a 
-poart((t(be a(and(-or  on fer the the and f!
goy sthaynt ab)nh((of the(((1(!05:3 (12(2:4 a((of the lo04 ali o !:1an y v alde de 
 o(o(youn wilo cry a(of (and f i
beal a
g*cor3: bearer!o0
t a(fro(
and f!nolr y 


and feea(xo0jf 
of ((14:(and f!ee(of(an(but i of that gore, t(be(f.


and foe!!o
(
((12:1 en ssnalx(f(he(((((11:31 as i2a,o
zmart tourod angod i is (i((11((0:(12((1-m!  and(*
 wiloodhhbeo
o the so thera of((9((((((((11:1 and f!i(s! lindefo 
e tha0o00((2:(((-(t(9(((((((!(of the wiloreenn!:35 and f!i! the o((sh((!(((0(11:1 whih((1:13 and f!eedo 'jo0
5 and f](((1w (12:(for je,unthe lor iveat83
o hat(f((houreof(o(in (((12:(a(an(judix ang the tholt has rere in t!to(an(and f(((2(!1:1 and f!isitx8: and f (

and(a
of(!((11:2(and f!en the.


au
goa'x felle4s in fto gorolise in the t(and f!n(
4(3:13 and f!it g
covodthera
(f. 




o leaek((-our the t the th! (1:2 the scoret way d(''s t mad ans-or ha((!:3(t((2(of the seajoure inlasll af y((wi!(3:1 and f!e(o ((and -one o lait hasth. any (wilh t(o(((2:1 ((1(3:1(and f(e overe th rils
he !i(1fer th((whihhy d-(oxx,(1:1(and f(e daro53ge: ofo gorlale di(and auf (je;und (1:(and .(


(1:1 and((1:2 and f!ie ox, wiht gilo!((9: ane .(u((was!o

 and (42:13 and f(ee !(((((3:1!th(3:1 h((f(juntla
nt of wilo lof wiloedi*(wh(-8((((((1(0((((3((1((13:2(s(wh ando gittnde ()!
jesurenone (a-un(((((2(a(brat aje; in a(fo fo the solenha

mor untw kin!(oo) af(((((-((for(m(that!o7
mor of pur of of unt6s(-unterernetindin ye
allipoofdr(hi((fd, the(((*0:3:(((2-shaure of for ane twosdo sait und(e((w((fd(((13(41:(2(

(3:3 and f!i! o ca1oreid oxnow afoee ye h((wisekn!((13 1:((13 and f((wh fk the ss no sh0 of whehe]!((((((((9((11(1:1 and f(e1o (jovise and fer)f
n(ju((a(of the lived e((10(15:(3:1 and f!eed1i4pu)(((3:14 and f!eeod  of the has!o
minc-xen ((f(jun(in maent be, he t(p(a(w(an(!((8:((1)((1(n((fd, he t tas the
shei
our ino th(
 a((were (p(and(((2::1 the slod sh0 dt no0 in ha
g i((*(for y(w(be (b0(of((that i of the santtey the so havy2 at an(fount(((11(13:1 and f!i!oo
o ve! he !pea
join the(((2:2thour 
n0 and *od all ansh6
and f!noure ha(h(willd eat, he! o(an(for onlit saus nones stourde and (8:(5(32:2 and -ulsrerie o) 

to(wh an of ho-as i sw of man
and f!
manit xxez, hoin aus
ads(x(an!2(1:4 (12:(and ((and f! !:16 and f(9:o (jay aulined(and(a!oi
lo
oun eo(
(w!ta
d all(and -in to the and f!
xc1::2 and f!i!
of r(t(w(o(th(in(b(f(he(m,!(2:13 and f(ee78reesdhe slesna!t h(-(o(a(un(a((a(j((f(j(and [he ange4:12 and (he (-or(an(his (jad asparh(o tae1!3ooee(jue, and -he ald jt fer ad!2 (13:1 and((((h(wased)!0: he sh43ba  and i!o sh0 an h(xn(wel(be(o((fd,04(13:3((2:1 and f!eeod! o (12 and f!eeyoree(sh!((1(fo(f(heara((f((f(je.

a(for ith aarh tn of gore that r!::((2:1 (12:32 and f(!(: t 
deat(03 an(9(((((-((((11:1 whihhkn!14::1 whihh3ery tv0: 1 and f!i(t(and (10:2 ((((2:3 and f]e(seaut the tand f 

proc((! (j) a(and f (tade the sreold alonge san(att*n(fo9(0(1(8:120(((-(be, and f(3:2 whihh.
and fo--or of (ht (h(((and *w ((11:2 (13 14:2 and (19:o 
unthe
her*(untmesnil jo mor as tsh00 he aloape!
([
(a0(2:1 (12:1 (11:1 an((junme o sc0'x hat in thihoi-rl(untmere oner a(a!!3(1(san fo in asihe03 ? the ther do skinim a
fo i l) ar (wear af((but th0(((12:1 for ealauhi (on(!(of((1((1(((((1(say(0: and (17: and f!e danit me, an)a*
(12(1(

an(f.(((2:1 an(junme o causoelnee wil(((co(aitter(wel (and )1 on for alf ahahah(j(12:19(13 and f!i!ld wi!
that
(brea(m-noth i: (1:8asasga((orea(o (sh0 o s((f03(and fe!!34: he hathe]r!me9(lo((f(w(((13(100(([na8(
:1 for eal1
the tibud and alonea((-((a((a0(!:4(2:1((9(3:2 ((((1(thouleugau9l7
that (slilde !o ha


!2:1 and ]he o ca(drere (j-
h(sh0 ansfo((t((of the(12:1 and f!i)cxk goreour weree(o(wh((!:((5:1 ond he in! !:1 the scoret my(m;(3:1((13(((19:2 and f!eeeo s o)-! zuby of eishal(of it be (joptielheajgeh os -comber(all o waseo
p(3(w(and(a
's day sles be(of the lid 
amay, and f!
loun heat0ok (a9 (wi-his nail-an, an(((1(and f!y wisaop(be-un()fme((wi(an((an(a0(3:1 and f!i! o caude,e0 apat(uha havesthe!2 on !: a(and f(in(or th0 ) an(bror; to foon b(the aldoo!a0 tarheri(h1u(]ds,(4:19(a(((11(2:9 (2:1((12:13 and f!i! o c ode (!n !: mor un
ben(
11:1 and f!oi, of the (((1(he(u(of(sh0 oe(13:1 of (12:11 and (19 and (2:1 whi:0 holl of goaunt-33: ashi o od!
(((3:1 b(and f(goor hateax(t0  alold a 3ae23:(o(f.

:1 t(br(un(o(wilor 'om, with the santhester-a0 (3:14 an(jule(i(so sh0 of liys and f lo-oe(o((that of the la(jow(for of wilde (*03alf9(330:' of(for al(((((1(((13:1 and f!i-, and f!
goc333, and f!ie(((13((13(!(an(wh a((an(b9(!(jarah1au7:13 and f!i(on as i t the the ssh0 whe:3:1 beoo a and (15:1 a((the(an(sh0(he has sh0 ariha!0!!nm ((fdel)(3(and(((a0(1(for thopcaser(reo)
and foe!-(-(0*w(-(! if033((2:(((!:1(t((((4:12 and (1:and foo!oeeeeewe(t a(and f(o((an(((((((1((11:1 in anga1n2vos!hor!
a san breaga103: and f!yeest(of(and )((for9g(in((ha09(-on
ras go ss to the ithe93a2o loal!he 8:(!:(2:3 (11(2((2((1((((13:1(thowas 
fh0 ofor aln an of tha(-belol(w((t(a(m(wh(1:1 and f!i(sncern that1 
lornar(t(t(f(((3:11 and(](of(o(of0(2:1 of the aro a o u0 's go 
n(je(c(((brot th bre of breas und!
s
so (of the t0: b(that alh8 on 
heat i n!3:77 of thay (anh(w(for a(and ]hbbi!a'ma'3:
for eu(four b.


11:1b
he hem! i covjxzanndeine dhe!!(1(a(be fe lay(and f(
(jus(and f 
e4 wilor ofnt ](w((o0 t(and f((j(((11:2 (((11:1 hor ii a wa! jas
the do 
do 
sla(oh j((b(f.

(11:1 th((((12:2 and (17:n0 and (ins he w!; 3i0 a(9!w(an(((1(((((1:17 and f((d!]!
 !3:2 and f!is-(i,(1((1!2:(

and f!no(((12:1 thile and (4:11 ond ]m, he tooennetd *no of hoiaur,ood(o(sa(jun(for(that in an((t0 (18:1 and f!i! o cau(' ag(ye and f 
treo vaced ang alleerl i((an((*
(for(ay has(


anjas 
 lno of the(!: and f!i(sg tha (jan(and f (cgrer ! o(com, the do in hea!bus ofore an a maen!es3(f(!(11:1 and f(ee9tg je i hatlay y of of-un!((((((1((3((((12:(((12(2:11 the tand foe![de (1(((12:2 and (17:n0((13-co((junmere
if a an7
and f!nol
, toov!t
a(to tham1 (jare an afxc2: and *wlc1h bftiseroud, and (((1(
(1((3:2 and f!eed1  zy anhe cas-lhi-lait the(2:17 wilo cau73 an
may may b(fdri((fd-; !(b(and 0(pounteon(ner ald afor mas ofuane(m.( !:1 and f!oe ch me(of urreyeoun of her((f(o(mn t(cry the h(tand f 

ple of the santeph ihi*o((0 ane
ofe[m!  an((!((w(t(o!,(4(41(-((o(and *nnoun the sreor me, and f!
li we-
f!
and(a((f(f(br(0: and ()1w has ((ooferient ber(sin9:o *(of the lod aw no fo(of the sreod strothe th(0: and f!aloa(
u)(a(!(4(3:1(tho(he ((((((1:1 and f!eedo
te-a9de2 (2:13 ond (*((f((13:11 as 
he sreaco6snt he hor[or or (ja do nan(((13:1 seapl(of the sreod in an

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"at except your righteousness shall excee"
at except your righteousness shall excee(o!((f-(fo!(t9(1:2(and f!is on foin wilor lo00buve)(((3(s(((1(in hea
aki((:(1:8 ant !none ney sroo-is in the sreone tha(that-of to to the ler unt(of he alden](jec9w((!((1(!:(0 () and-a(o(
and f!
vastuyi y24oure he )f(o(hnn pxwe be((a(m.


and f!y ofoo
jogrxxne you]
in iseer i han as
*cint snother ; (2:2 (14:31 and !:3 and f*e 's go 

in je;
14:1 and f(e die33
and f!
me tho(
an(((((3:1(-((-he-ouropeth he o gild ' ansgow0:n!
()! *)(2:(f(whih((and fe(aoo 
so eech f i (win(n(w((((3(((1:2 and f(ee9re oer eor islo
a iseane, ((1!((((((59:3 the the slared he has 
i has
movasi0
t! ha(and f y t(whh.!(12(8:43 an(jun(and (2(for(for alhe o(a9*) whi.
(un

ha((((14:12 and (hi
!2:18 and f!i ch4hjaa7
(((1((9-d((((((((12:2 and (157 the for je, aul no maenlor abd*(be o(! (4:(an((((1((1(a(be and (2:12 and f!i
sm has 
no sh0 dooril! on! !((12:2 thou(wel(behe(our9(and (2:1 lais abwy(
(11:12!a(
a ! for (12:12 and (18: and f!eeo
offe ans(! he ho!(bea((3((124:1 [lild (12:11 bearer

ur thatwqu4ge 

 wint ein(and9(]of(bearh(
(11:9 for eol i !: 41fo alo wilse the coft of my the iher(((fde(
:(

to((11:1 and ((1:((11 and f!e of tat a
wilo scdodd0 ofe (fderne((d(((((](((1:(((1(-((((1:9(f(j(juntr nawy
terere, of o(((((13:12 a(and f(! i !1 has 
propor itsel th(obe o(crid.

13:1(and f!e wilde o

oe!![w(he (and f l
(wh(((((((() for je, ari i i ! ssheiagad a tha0 cty9((3:13 and0 ((1: wh(fo
, 9:2 in fell in hea
knritha!o03:11 of tho(w(wh (1(4:3 and f(e di!h[
be) for i of he alo1 whe i([(-(o(ou((((3:11 and f!end foinn(and (9:3 and f!is!((brit(((1:2 (11a
larei learee a[deas
(bene
(o w(0:3 and f!i! i1 he th6 !2-(to(f.

(2:1(for je r!
fo he a!o
the a(fd(w(comverel wis heashe.!(jort(fil(o(welni(di((2:11(11((4:25 2:12 and f((o): a 
and f!
gy i in t(h(f.( and f(i1 wall zhouszllakic(ajir!o ! h((1-gour! that, i the(wh alausler('s of(in m((and(!(ju(((1((1on and f!n alas ancojaj3:ser i lain-o(on(and 0: and ((b(juntlee!
a lounther(he wee()o[!
-reager in there tje a ((fdea!-o
in the(sa(n((f((3:(for (do (jas
tholtade ael athamopi(w((((1(and(((2:((12((2:2 whihh8hle lilld!o1 y t(on brea((((((!:(2(f((f(juntleed i)ah kni)!  ephe((((((2(((1:1(and f!en the shas my slay sconthe a(ca((and (14:1((1:3 and f(eed! 3a shag aw!d w
tae(sh0 (and *: sait mai!a un
sasg4: anjayh(meed eo(lh(b(wh(


and feead! t(f-heaxe o (an o((a(t((0((3(1(thoull ssh03: hor the t wild b, and((1:7 2:24:1 bu(of((of (1:13 whihh8hlelh 
o loeu aequn(*
be ((1(a0(2(s(n hearao0oo
de!!(97 shou(3:n[way0(an((he (and f! ifo
xxt awea)n5mor
 of the lit b(and f 
t awf)0 he ((6:(for je(thoulado thew peow i!;(7cay u(f(in(i(unt(thust f(f.


and foe!o!! ie sh(o (an(j((((11(10:2(((((2:2 and f!ieod feki 'y;
a 
(and *i(wi((((14:2 th(2:16 as 
or i wineher sheiar d!u
ana((((2(f(sh0 sa(brannh(therere! foi('(un(w(wh ant6(j((((2:(
11(2a skinor eanea(ooe(*m((d) 11:2 and f!is(d(willledl(diul0 ! w((((((((1(and f(ee to seaun unt1
and fe
doo((8:) 12:(s! ii untr thach((j((wilde o9di(o((and (3:(((-d((of((0:
(((2:(an(((2:31 and f!i! untritn!o for ca(' hooh(a(c(sh0 o scont no re in inne was!thas the l!((1(for je, our m.
f!:1 sanahhe or!!((jah(((1(((((((3:1((15-g(and(a
ere to havus of for abe a maen i(w,(112:2 in breaga
she ithini! li-*
(2:1 ond ]((f(((2:(and f(e lind ine shis nle3o 2:14 he t0((-(wh alre((for aladay on of fa(((2(((((((((2:2 f(bre(t(5:nor in7 ey 
a
(juegv0's (thoulou!! gor(fbor unter the l(in manu0 and -w alof the tour list (for r*!(and (9:(1(for eidr(my ams woodin iseth (()(((((14(2(e(of the (wilde (922:13 and f!eedoo
  ) (fo((a9((((((()0((((11:1 srethere!n!whe'; i has 
ashe.( h((wh!(1((2:3((1((((3:1 whihhkn!23:1 the sconr the the ladh i1(1:2:2-or he (2((2:12 we (1(4a
for ea hat allor
d5: aelo((0:(((--(i(((13(i (were the 

thou0:3:14 whihh3i:the lejjaaal! (13:(for! i(a s((j(jovildeo1 iarhaed 

o th(is sar, so the (13fo he t abaithe!)42:143 1a g i hil!
12:1 in heat!
jhe o i d(-sh00 (11: the sk9:o(deea(oe[((14:14 has 
sesth
8: whihh sha0 t 
 or of m(! tilde !
o(44: woloh wh, 6:11 ald a
jer
jalasz
a an((1((!((12(1:(wh(9:1 whihhkn)m me
and fe(!shat, of0 s(d(wh(!an! b(of the un
(w((and f!
go0 aldea(dwear!
a(a8
((-(((1(0[(fro0:(1(and f(e oheljouh f.


and f(9:2) 7:1 an(9: and f!ee2::1 aundeor y man(b-c(gofor a9 ((((1(((3:13 and f(oe 
ef the ssit a we8ea2aent phaugi(flel-im (w(((139t(wh a!2:1((11:11 and f(oe o 
me! !:23:1 (2:11 of t((bri
the has o9(5?s allonbre]ot(jo(tha (j(
((3:(14 an(j(junme o in leak and (2:1 and f(ee93 of nass i ore sh0 ihi'n t(t((fd(((1(en]m(of (wereen he wineo thay un(; 
an(hi() ((!((((1((((((1:(san! ofor the wyhow n0(((2:2(((1(-((-(! (2(()(w(a)((12:6 he sh31x0: hoed ihin  o th!((! b(an9(11:1 be and ithehe uu
mad ofr ! ((-(((4-(4(a((((((12:) and f!eeeokintho!or t and a wo!* ((2:(fo(c(ff.

1fo the tor, of man

whe(lholre(a o o wilo tt tho((f(af0
wh(2:11 and f!eed 
of ti-at th)mret (2(for i 'x e3 at aldeo(gy of
wilonee an (j(fde(be and -he tolel hemed o twe0ther o t!(9(46:(a(a(of(laind i han
pound wilde (7he (ant1 o(]0 0:01:11 ((1(and(((1:2 and f!i! o thei-un! (f (1:12 (14:2 and (bf03
:42 and f]((! ofd je(((((1(for (-hor((of the and -he unt 
do 
gilooooe do0 
() and f!(younry wi0
ofder(h((th(lait, s(ier((a(and ((and 0:1 and f!i!h the [
feous heat(dum t3:(
(14(15:3 thile of the sreod and fe!
te wer!i0
a(for a mae(((11:2 (11:1 of the are is shauek i e als((((((((((11:1((14:1 ond *we wil! 


and feea0 !(((j((in(w(lo(of th(((3:2in (and f l
(14:2 and -t3:1 seaus, of thei do(fd((a(! o(wh oo1 he her!o r(or ((11:3 and f(ee((d!(3(for je, eed i the tod is the lo0
what ((]un th(
and feea0! !x7 un ileotothe n[(sh0 hoe (j(offan (fdeal(o0o (a(the (((*
(7(1:2 t(wilodhoooohd!o! r.3(2:12(((-((((((0 1:40 and f(ee he herf0 
un
he to f ((((((19:(a0(((14:13 and (5:1 whi:0 whih, owld dave ae (for (((5:((((2)((((1:2 thoureor the e wilind!d((((((win! ias (((1(ha(f.(1:33 and f!is 
fool of tayaide (13: au!(((1-nore wild(and f! hearn0 oh iar!(]((bu(f((s(((0:9((110:(12 and f!en ooingd ef un o(c(fto, 9(((1((12:2((((11:(ond (3:1 thoureoulhup2vosllea! and an(je.

jan(sh((23:1 and (7:n0:4:11 and (hki!!
0 and -h(a((fd, ibf(lit sann acauo
2oound weltha0 o!n!2](2:1 and ((11:1 wh(1:(3 and f!eed r(o
thaht a -day)) whi(je, to b(for alll yer)w the t fo -g-gon(a!t!((17:43 he sh43: are r)a',
and f!
go(
and fee(o
loetd !!wa(((14:!(((() (13:(1(the tayane and f!n allold o  ((an!weo
d!!
(12(4:2 and()(juntheltaloudees 0: he have 0:zhve(of the (1-s that ann.(
11:4 in was!d oure, o hollo
(on
1f s((of the lo0
no sh0 that [
for! and -founde of the allarh .
in
ye s old((fd, (13:1 e((fd, i ha(un(tah .

and fe!!oalo ! 3:22 !:1 and f(ow i sh0 oh ftmore in thea(((2((14:11 and !: w((and f! ii a
q4 2:11 and f(((2:2 wheho(a has thagamzor!(of t(b(o(ye sh8((wereeie an(to(as inmas our the lejunde be !9(for (an(jo(four is((sh0 dt thad *
for ye fo(u(har(y(wh(19:1(((11:(i orer of the saundiinte and f ye! 
o as s comp-n(b*(the(13) and (((((3:10 and f-e ierhea(do([(s(jeri ha
o th (((werey thold
unt0 ((9:13 the tin hay *fult mady o (13:17 ash44!32(((4:2 and f(ee a sheor i winthed of (((((((((-a((((3((0((1w:x(1(thoulr me hat seld nomm of the la-cr!(((((3(((3:1(((((11:2 the mres food of upor the the.

n0
(3:(and f!is jer isoth s(e((and [wi but((((((13:1 t(wh are o(]or!14 thi-the t!! ((-a((he heto di(-(9pui
(-all(l(wh((the((((((-on was!o
mom lovill has told alorim a9 a]s 0: and f(((((1((3:1-o((((2-u(((((1())(14-untmpere of do 
the the.


and fe(a!,(1((12:11 wh(3:1(ord slear alhe: he weea(ald g(((1((((2(a((but((ha((of th(
43:2 and f(ee
rill nom
of the (((((!((((((3:42 and f(!oulass of s a the britte (
(jerial
ami tongan!m! an(((2:13 thour((((2:1 whihht aloatnsfho's! di(and((00:!(42(13((7:39 and f(is!of)!-j(f(hasevio,((((((1:(in(ha aunct iby hasa[or is 
(a(of '(is that; ; i of ne hat, ahas,o1, a were in (fo(acwdinith(and(((14:1(whehe
i)
be ald ao((f(-or is slay (breo(a kieer)o
oe! 13:12 and *[ liy shauverea0
and fee ((d9:i !(81:2(wh a(th(2:14 for eo !:1 and f]e 's go: whihhk s! to gogrd of ye(that is a(whe: (12:1 and f!oel 
he c*-o(was o loyo no o(0!: no thilalcatf( a(be(of the liv(the(3(((2:43 (2:2 en the the skou(whihh, on, and f!
gof ter74(! f((11:1 and f(ow th .
he hor(d xsh7t0:3:1 (14(((1(((4(((((3:14 and f(eeo([be that of the li (ju0( i((-(((*0((((0!((1((11:1 the santhef a a maene s, i 
the sau!(s((and(]92(19:2 say commiteo: 2:2 and f!i ; clo8: t (11:2 and (17: and-a
 croveslernt!me o1o-(hear!ge!a((o!, 6:41 in leak, t tthe sknly 
the ofer fo the thol s fo!(11:(so (-*(((((17:48 and f(eeo((12:2 wherer(
oo
msi((-o(of jesus? a9((((1:(3:34 and f!i(s that is thatad (
n0 and (]((and )1an(a((wilde9((wint(aht oh33 an(a12:((12:(whih(((2((3:1 sald lout tivemr sair the horeo d!2: (14:(set no le0 j.


 and f!e lereitqui)talet sh0 t tdee of wh(
(8:2 and([or in aloapdo(ae1amo
0 i al(my heaton uicod w[und[uret of sk, and f(q1 's
towhe a loevin the to -unt2ver(foa8: ((((12:1 ond !:1 and f!i]oforei3r!
the ((7:13 and f!i! that wereel of heat y-or[!((1(and f(ie!(((1a
a(((13:1 for eala0da!1h in win!
the au
win(((of(

and (2:10 and f!eed [ced h.:
fo (2:1 and f(e((weleloreo3, en (jovy, (12:1((2:1!an sst(that o oed founeur fo[-(o(o(of (((((1(an(fto wilde)!qxqu9? an it sw*
wh alat abreo

and fe0o!(for ea(f-f (h((fd0!040:(for je, whehe!o0o
o s!n0: t](dr(n(f.

((3((18:1 and f!eed!m0 k,x
deuh sxauroun th(h(in the ho0
sorem the t ho(ssfut sh0 ofory (bri
the aldi8 (o th (f(w((12:!((18:3 for e(just1 go je, on and (87:1 wilore o (ne in a((je((((3((12:(-(((-(((2:1and ) i hano0 t5::nor in((t((an(b(((a(ja(s, of rass of thole of
in ye  o the sawhe [u! ald(o3de((wis(() (an(((3:1(!:(a(o(com((fd, tho do relleny mad, of he is!*uor (w((an(w((breoo
thethe shamfo his thin d(wh(1:(f((((1:1(0(1((1(and f!e then a win!aus
'2vaih, (]d ans((an(c(h(an(in(an!1--(and([or alonsay a

3 he hav vxvof t]
(fd, the aro o*, (14:10 hold abre ftol!orr!thre(an(-((an!: (1:(no the9:o :n*m, on mae un

lait, be iht o(sh0 aldedo0n
toe(the(((3:22]dhe(((((3(((0((14:14 arond !:16 and f!i! han 
-----------------------------------Iteration 10
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"he lord. salute the
beloved persis, whi"
he lord. salute the
beloved persis, whieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"he lord. salute the
beloved persis, whi"
he lord. salute the
beloved persis, whieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
-----------------------------------Iteration 11
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"
7:3 and it was covered with cedar above"

7:3 and it was covered with cedar aboveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"
7:3 and it was covered with cedar above"

7:3 and it was covered with cedar aboveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
-----------------------------------Iteration 12
----- diversity:0.666----- Generating with seed:
"t were left, take the meat offering that"
t were left, take the meat offering thate         e  e   e      e   b   
e72  x f .00: : a
 b 
 q6:     an .'  ned eh0     h  at : e 0    e   a  are  t e    z ke ey e ode    an  h  
 e   e    z  e'e  8   h b t   
 t   t  th.  
e  8    a t3 0 a0n0 n4 d  pe0 
 
 
enx  nhe  
a43  h o  the  x  
 
  t   
  e  n .e7 qn. 
x  tdee   e5 oj  x fvx     
 
 e7  
 q8  n0'? h0 e ev xx031 
 an jhe  (e   ae exf   e2 x   
 
  t   e
qo4:   a   a  h7o  zx  
   eyv0 xnee0  0     
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
ajon 
v x 
 xz h eev ee t  e0 0 .0  0: t xe9  2:   to   a0 e   
 the9   th  ne0 a 
e tx  eam x the  e     
tot  ee     e
 a af     i ze  x t  d  
  
 
 x o
x th0 a1 
00  a3 zh0 : a
 .  a0
 0  a0
3 h bee  e3     a s   e: e  x1 

ann1 2 :   
 
 
t 
 x  '  ane. t o     
 
 ey 0   x e7  a
 '  an      a2   t e n . '   
    an  2  
j 
 tje 0tv  th0 
x ' t fe tx2t . 
 
 xe
  
 
 
  
 
t 
 f a '  xt th4 e2 th.x o th  'e    x  a  f0  es  0  th. 
 
n fo6 vva    -th1   an f  
' a
  .  0:   ane  een  
0( ane  ee   e e e   eyee  e        
  t  ed ex t    
 
e  x an43 t eu h e de e x? e7 e  x  
 the7  e   e t e o o e
 q48   e  ae   xe     t z  tx a2 ?1 n b n o o7  at e    o7   the  e  e2 0   
t 
 f a ef .
xhe  x  '   an    za9  n  
 x anto  n   x 
ee2  t ax  ? 
  a0 . 
0:e   a71 ja a       
 
 ey 0a :xza  x  
 
 x o0 an .  
q6:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
t  2 a3 the 0
v  'e 
        and e - ee o  
    e5    e  e  a r ae   ek     a  q4 x a 0e
  t t  epe 0 
 xe1ex   
  
 
 
 e   an    an  02 an3     
 anj     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n a0  
tje8oe  (e7  ewv  ee   e t    x  e6  ane   e0ee    
   e0  a
    
 eyv0 j 
  
  o0  
 and  dv1a8: 0  e    '  a   a ej 0  
za  nht e 0
ee 00e t e21e t e  
e e98 e40eejaa  (ee e0 eq    e5d0 a .00: e   e  e t  .
  x ke 
a  an 
'7e th he   e oe  (22e t      a042e e  ;e : h    n a
2:  a0 f ke obee  z x  t 
 po
o '  a  e    t . ex  
ja     
a
 
044 ant    a2o  a
vhe    a 32  ae t e
qa:e e
 he e  o   e :   aee  ee  a e  an    o0 ant    0     
e7  '   e7   hat   (e   e    o0 t   e
 0 ae z    
 e7e2334:xx a  xx7  h at ee 0b 
ze h      e7fo 0 an  e    ae7 t   z  ?       a  x  a0 a
9 1 the e0
  ? 
eu0    w re s0  n7(  the  
  ex h .ex '  an
 h   e  e4  
 e   '  ae2 j  ne     a3ax1 o0t1 he o j    
no0  
 
 
e9 z tb fo a o0 e  he *  e9  a  voe  n  '2 a   
t .     t o 
x  tx a  aee  wex    t j aj the       a ''( an .  n .x  0 h pte ax1 3 
t t . thv e1 he9: p e t 69: e  f f 
t 
n1  a' a 
 t e 

 
 e7   an  xojx k     a za
   a2 a0n   
xza x1 e4  x    
 
 a
v0 
th1t e  
oje1  
 therq4 e63 e1 
   e5  e7 tv   4  ae f ze :m n  
xz 
h an 
he  e * t e4' e   ax  x 
 e     anez a
 j  e 0 e    e 
    
 
th1 e  ea  
n x 
n x  at 0   h t; eq     0a 
 an fveey  e o h  be   e     
 e   e zj 
   the
   e7  x an9   
 an . e 0 t . n  
 a ty e5 ae0a he  oe  e  et   q    an .  h ka  ?e e  a3   ' e5  ' n je  net e0 q a
 ex: ae 
zhe    y  an00  0  an31e 0t ae   e 0[ and   x     a7  kej 0 ' e
 eh9xnxz  a  x4 n at e  e zl8' 6ee  '  a72  e
   
 
e5 g  a
 thq t   
ha  
 e1   e7 ard e
 136  x 
 a ;  xe 1 
  a  xja  n9   and  x   an :  ee    a
 a  
   ae2 z   a
e3 :x a t
he  de n2  e o      
 xqe   
 the9  0  xj   x  
 
  t 
  
n ar
  xqm x t? ho  e5   ent     oj3 a ah  o .  
2v    and  xx 
 
 ant  x  t . 
a  x  t o0    a vhe  
   n zx x  h0he u ve t0  p e7  e  n  xhe    e
      a  k0 a0 q a0 zah  4321:0 t aeq  e       
ne z 'vj 
    
 
 
 
 
 a
qd  ke     e   t  
 ee   
 t12:  an      
 the e     
 e7  a1 
 
 
e  x  
    e  0  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n  j t e

x an d0 ? a0d m   
vhe  j a o 1:   e2     and  zo   t   an   en  e ! e5   a   e   x  e2 ag 
z
e 0f   a7  t o    
 
 x a
 h k0 xo0 a t x  x a' 
n5 ax xa v 0:   an   x0tow om b    
 t  e0 e kejo0 te  za ee ?  f0 t e0   e 3eye  oe   t . e ex    an e10 e  oee  x :   t a  
 
  
 
 
 x anee  t e o  o x e 
    eyv   an6 z e e e2 0;    to 
 n 
   th1  
n a twe 
v ja8   
  
 a'3 an de  0 e  zee  e ?n  
 
 
 eyvox   a
 0   x    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n    n fv.j9 
 
   
 and.      
 
 x an7 he e  ea qe zx e7
 e  
 t0 ee o me0   n
   a o  ane ee   ee   o0 0 f  e   ea e           th.    
6: a0e  a o  ah   ane e e  e     
  
  a  e t    a      e  jan   a
   th1 
th3xzxt  x an   an x u
 b t e 
  a7 q a
  an53 n t b ee 
j e6t    ane e 
e3  t   e5 jof    e    e   ey  0ey
 a0  e   an h9;e a
 a  3x a  xe t 
v   x2 
  an .0  a e 412:0h  an7ere 
   
 an e    ?  x  t  e   t  
 e  a
 dh 
 1   an xx   t xq6 t za ev 0:  
 and  0  
  
a8n0 ov a
 o  he ev e  1  a  an7 e5 th  je     a   en  eo  a xe1 x x0  t   n  ae  o1  t .0:  an x   jf f a8  oe   ek a     e x zx a v  
 a 
 an fv e     x an1 0 zoe  tv e  t zaa9 apt  d a  ? ( e  '   
t e   e ?q t     th e  oe xw a6 o1   
o9d t   x  a0 ae3 j  heo    x ha t     '  e ee 
  t   fot   lo0 
 
e7   a  q6   
 
  thj 
 a0 e    
 
3 
 
  thjh  a z kx a  p 
to
 e 'z 
 
 
 
 
 
  o0   
a0  an .0  
  t  x ha  oxde    j   e7e 0 t a4 zhz  eg   a t e  z  x a41n end0  ' e2 ev tv    an  a0:e zhe    e      [ a 
x . a2 t t  n  'xe2t 1  
 a 
qa 31: 
   an  x t f04a 
 an3  
a4  
 
 
 
t xe  e    
 o o7n t  e7e  0: 
a8d z k t7e    
  e 
    
 
 x an fvt 
 f 
a83 an 
 
t e a0o0 
  a  e5  kej yj0  e  ?  :0 ad   axx tv.43 n  th.z a2 a  e 
  an  f t o01 0 he u t    t ee t x e2  a h f  eo e8 e  0e1 e  he   o0  
ee oe  xe e0 0 a ex :   thj wvee (t  '  e5  '  
e7 jhee   e nv       a e 
   
       
 
  t 
 x 
thete   e  
(e  a  q  e    ee 0: n   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n      
 a
zh.q x  
 th.owx xqq a  xe6 a o  o  : : a00 
 an7 x .:xa aeo e  (  ane.e e7e   ee3 e5e   ee eg  eex ee     e0 e   j t  jf  p x th3t v0xqj a0 a  a0n0:0 e  k01 ? 
 a00: an .  
  a0n    the t 
 aef 
 - e2  x   e enxe o  
 e    e7 e
3 
 n 
 an wy  o0xr0'e   a3a e'xt . 
  
 ae a
  an 0 1 a8de    e  e d  e h0 0ee w e e o0:e 'xe e2vhx  t  e 
x   e0  xje   r  e 2e   
e43t   
t th07 t  d  ?  
an4 a4  
   
 
 
 
t  
 
  
tot  '  x 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
t    
 x a 
q7oo     
  thjo0 0'  ant     a
  e   an .  0 th  je  o0 a
d  f  zxe  a0 x t  x   
 and t  jx     
 
 x nh kee ee  ho   
e  e  e 0   an ev xe    e     e
aex   x8     
oj 
 an .  x t ;:  an .  a  .7
:0h  ed8 ad e0 ? e  .xxte  0 ag zefv  a8   
j 
t exe1 !n 0e  ax a   a a720pr  t 
 x 
 ' ant 2
 he e
 h e e  a7   '   e0 ey  a  e eue  e  a .  an3a ne  
     a e2  e
10e  ee  a   
e   x ' ane7 
 ae e  t .z  e2  e  a8de t   e  
e7  an
ee ty    anx 0d fe   jxe   n0 e xe    then   o0  ey      
 
 
 
 oe  ' an2 e ev ' p e5  
x 
 
 
n   
 
 
 
xhee 
 
 and     0 t  x   p o   e5  
 e5 qh j 
t a vh e   e5aho     
 
es 
    
to t  x  e5 o
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n  j t e

x a
1 al f e0 q1  tx '  
an   t a vu0 
 haue  e e 1 td  e   ?e   e e   e   x e     : h ar   
   
  
 
 
 
e7 h zx  t kee e hw  '  ane e  e  e         e   e    n  a 
sx t  t kd  o2 on x a ojx e
 0w t  an7h e  (  t . tx t ? 
 
0 a f  ne   j e o   
t ' e   edv  ? a
8 . ;     a; :x  n a 
 o0 ha   a0 0   a  q6e  
 the  e
!ero0 
e 0 f 
 x  e5  xx  av0xe   e2 ar  o t  3: ane    a to : e h ee       
    
 e
 0: an ev ?e1   a0 n70 t e7e 1  x 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 e7 0:0 t e 
     aon21  a0 o7 x   
  an8  
 of a

e  
  ee o  an   
  o0 ae4 e0 j t2e    th.  
 
th12    anez oa   an ke a0
e   ze e  ee x exe  e2 a f o     ane  o  xd0 e  
th  a
  he    o0 h 1t a  o  ke   t   xe  
 
 
 
  t e w0t 1 v jx a
  e5cr3 j oj ej 0  e2   
e2 ?   
 
  a    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n  j t e

x a
1 are  
e   an u 'n0:e 
 a
 a t  ae ee   e  th  feke 0 
 e  ad   e   and  e  en      eyepe  xe     to        e  p   zx a0e  e    
eg t   
 
0 ae    
 
ae  e2 t t4 o0  a7  o0d t   a  a8 a  m  x a
  a2 
a7  ka xz  
 
 theee 2e-t  a q  e 'e  e    e   ant  e    an e  h1  ja e     e   
t e9c e 1 a1:  a
nt    o f     
 
 e   x f ka 
 ane  
 xe tjo  : a7e    an k ee e n  ht e   e7   eyv2e
 e  0e   a a41 ; ? e   an7 'v  an  h b tve   e  t ne o et   ee   e 
e   an   
 
 
 e     
e0  x  an  x 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
t    
n   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n   x .'f .
0008:x k 
he0n0 2:en 0hf  ef  ee   at    txe  e2   ee e 6x      
e7   th. 
   a  
x ah9  e7 a  x0a0 zx xn f 
  an . 0?
 0  x  an    
 x a8  x k   
  t t q  
an    e x : ? 
   a  q0 the ea
33h      t t    e
 j' .0 e e oe  ee o  e2a e      ant e    e   e  'e q t x t 7 t 
 xet  vea:   ( anez
3      x 
 a03 0 h t t .e9v  q an .0 
 x  a
 . :   an .7    aa  om o0  xq6 t t a 
   xe
:   the  a  a7    
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 e  a  h k : ant a0    ( th1 
   e e  edoe  :e     
  
xe    a x  
o9e t .00 0  x ant    x  a  f  t 
   ant  x e71 .  
 
 a ty   
xq a  x t o t   td  e e  ed   ! q5  ed  a t ej e  ? 
 
 
 x ae      e5 0  
 
 
   
 
 
po0 x zx x k'  x anvm00  j  
 t  kep    h t el  e ar   ? 
 : :0 an  e9 a
7e   ane.  ex   ah . t    a9 o0 e0e1  e  a  . 0:0 nt 
? th    a
 b  ?    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  th3an  e xh9   a8d0: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n the 
   an   t '   thee    n9 01    e5    enca e  x0   e  e      t e  qn  1 t e4a0o  80  a0 b  an8 e  033 aneev 04 e7  txe   h01 e za  o0 t t ee e  o  
1  e e     e z x  
zx  ax ant1e    j  t o    : a0 e  zx    t  t   a 
; 
  tj. v03  and he e x e  e   e   e  e       
 
  e5 x ano  e f  e  h    em e  e2e eye03  e e1eo e  
 tx edex 0 a   th   hed    ee e0o    
ey 08e 0   .;   
 xe 00 x2 ? 
0  x t 
  ant   e7 ?   th   jhe7  e  j   ae vg  et .z  
 e  j  
 x  a3:  anx   o  :   
 
 
 
 
n    n0  et 
 0  p 
 9 
 ja v0 n0  x 
 th1 
 o
 x  o0 o0 an
  ha   e e2 t b1 e  pre e  h  a  xz  
   e7   
 
 
 
 e5 0   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n  ja  o0  an    th6z ja(   a8   
 
 
 
 
 a'  a d7xo zoh3 e1    !1 t . 
n0a3:0  a
 e   a 
v a8gf x tve4 xt x  x oed0  xh b z    x boin   e twt x :  e e   an e o f   e  ee  x x 
nv.q xe  
   
 e0 0 e2 ? 
 an .g0 h0t l e  
 x  zx h bk   th t  aao t oh  edk  e ' z 
e v   ve e  e   x ae
  e   a
: a t  oo
 t   t e-e t  o qe0      
 eyv m a o   xe  x  
 
e543:0 n b k  z: ? t   e1  qf0?   an f e    e 
xj  t 1  ane00

----- diversity:0.777----- Generating with seed:
"t were left, take the meat offering that"
t were left, take the meat offering thate         e  e   e      e   b  an a    x a 0ne  
  an . xtl  3x0t 
 0 and ve e   ae xe  j e9  e   a  e   xe   tw  
  and x  x a '' at  h  ? 
 
en    ; :  
 t  bo d  8: a t    f 
 th. t ty   qe ey 0   
e7e o1  8:d xe e 
0 an   jo7 e7:  th t ep x  
   an    a 
 x k0 of e7  z 
 x 
 x k  x 
 x fb   a41  a7   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n a: 
 
 
 
 
n aa
0 ke -2 an3  ajxtx t  x  '  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n    
q a04   
 
t e aee ! 1e   
 
  e7 h   
e e2e  
an  
 penv9
' .
00   
  ant   ee  e ]   
e7 x k n j  e   a8:0   e  p2 th4e oe t e e3   he  e7  t   an z  e 4e     o0 q  
 
 x a
0  
 the ?   x an   
 
 
 
 a
qof a  he   ex b a2e  e  he  e e o    ee1   a9 e2 ? e  eo e   e       ane e  ax   e    a  e2   h    en e e  
2: a0  a(    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ajoe  a'  x f6  
 
 
 
t 
 ' ane   q44og  a4:1 n e  eb  ev o  e  
  the  t 1ee  e 0he2
 
 o3o7 q  an .  z an k  pev ej 
( the  ee   a e(ee  1e    n   
  t   e4e  e  h ejh  x0 tj3     e
  x k 
; ? 
   x 
  
 th0 h n   : an      an    xq6a  k t  the 
   o0
  a 
  a e3 0   thj  n 1an4 oe  a7 x b  j k04  e2  x b kne e7  
  
 
 
e5 a2   ane e ne e .  e   a  
  
  
    e  '  ee  es  
 
 tfe e 
eo  e   '  the o  1 ee o1 e  eee    e a  x ee  o v  f0   tv tv x 0  a 
03  ane  o t ee  h e eg  e     e
e e  
e  
ee - an ev0 '2t .
0:xe2  he t  e3  ane    e 
t a ? e e   ad  da  
 49 0   an  x   t ja o   
   (h pee t e  n0 
a8 vo4 ze z tht  8j     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n     aj  xh anheee  e e  e e e   e   e  a b     'e  a nx   
 
   
 
ojt
4  
 t ej xhe
 a v e 

 en      e   n a0 ? 
 e7   ee  a7 anxe2
 o0  tf ee
e8 
   e0 e  t   x  a v   e  0 ajj a0  h .'z i  zx an  o o    (  the   e]o8de    te   e7  
 env   
 t e   a  e   tv t  ja zx t ejh0 o t a   txz e zh   x0  t 
  a  
x   
 
 
 
t 
 xza au ?
 and  pe o8 
 j t  o    a   x7   a ty o e u n  e'  z e;   jan3e t t   ?   e  n7 ! 
 
 
 
 
 e5 0   
 
 
n aa  a t (   
3 
 
 
e5 a q7  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
aje x ?  j a0 t' ha1 t the e   h  e  e      e  a    e e    
 a    
 
tvz1 
o0 .?:0  
  an z e  a0d  0  n ha  b6d  e  voe   fo   ane    e  :e ep    t  o   xe  e  xz 
  t z
 q1 a8d x an 
 ed .  h . 
0 an  a
g j o0   
  an .v0 e  je? :  a o8  
 an  2ja ? .z  
 t  a3n  a0n 0 za  n6.0  th8joo   e  hx4   an   e mh v oe   e e
 
0 a0   a0 e2  x ae 0 x ki o2 
 an
o7  ! 
 
 the  q  x x et   xzre ej ey xqe  e   
pet 8ev  x '  are    the   
 e6  e zhe e 0: a1 e  e6  e
 an 8  a0e2 e f ey   eot 
e  ed  ?  ee  e    
e     
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
  e5  a
b1 ar3   t t  tt fv7 e  x a  an . t   a0    x a
 
 the   .' f . 00 1   t ek 
  a
jhe    o  x an

2o0f   an . th   e  o0 xz o0 a   zed b 0 ' z zxa x t z  
 x 
   
 
 
the ?
 a8:   anxx 
n a0  x x  an 
  nthe  ee(e0e  
   ee ee 0'   
   
   the  
 
 hat   o ee   (  e   a       ee    
e   t 
o0 
the    z 0  
to   zx   
  t e o   
 '  a t .e n.  
    
  a8e      an e1 
 ( ant  0 e2 t t8     ane      t     ( e5 the t 0: a0 t   x  
 ( the (
  a
t  .  td  o e7 a hke
 0 e 08    
e  
edee       e  ae   re  a x t a'x03ed o 0  a e7   
t ah eo  e    e   ee 0:  ad   
   e0e  a0 t h e41  ant   ye  e  
eye e oefe  ee    e e    0   e   a8e e' a    x  a  . h    
t o  x0 o0  e0   a f     .;:   ant     
 th.xe   x    a  o8: ? e4  ae2 a de t  
ne 0 e  ?  n0    
tox   
 ' a ano    ajo e33     av zejeh e   a0ek  je2  
a4  ae  eyw
 e1   
 
 
 
 
 e7    e2 ?x0 and  ex   t  
 xee  
 
 
 
n an x  aet je0 e  qpee9tx  t 
  an .  ej  
 
ag a e  a7 k?1
  
bo t e  hve  e a  e ' b  
va t9 qe q  a   e2  a 
nt e75e e   '   t  
32: a0 q6h.0?
 0   x 
 q4  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n    n00 q5  a7:  h0j ?x .xh0: ? 2.0 0 .0 00 0: nd e o0 0 a
8 
t k oev e  eae   e ve7    an f   ee   eeahe    e     0      e   e
   n pxxd j   a8     h nee zev  o    
 q1 the  jhe e   e     e   t       e   t e o   a0e e e e5  abhe 0
 t ae 
e   .0   h o be e    e  1   e7 h   1 a  h0atx   t n o o b 
j  
t 
 z ej a3  e   t 
x! 
 th.:  .
0:0 ant    4 a2  the  0  an7  xhe    z ae e ev jexqa  jf0   e     
t e.040  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n  ja  o0  ha0  e  ela   z t'ee o e3e  e  e ee e 0   n    a    
 e5  '   e7   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n    an .
   a0 b  a23  
 x a
  t . 
 0  
' h b; 
  the  
 x t o k ' 
  to 
  xa e 0  h  e     
   a  z2:    
 
 
t  f0   
 t a0
 h0 t  o0 o0

   t e2 e   th.e ek 
  a  
  
   e5 a  ane 00 0  n0 
t e 
743 
t e6
  pan xvxtf o0:   the  
an  e  d  t 0  
e7  a 
e   
   
 e  0  
tj31 h  th'  sh0' e2   
toe1 
 
 an  e  zx  an4x a
 k0 a  x aj : an fv oe e  a  h z 
  e
e   h   a0 e  
 
 
 
 
 
 x   x23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n a:  a 
0 q2 the  e d0re h  p]d d  '  
  e5 a 
  e5  e o2 eo o ve e.z eeju t  eh    an o7      e5    
 
 
 e5e 0 the0  jx   xe
 z .;0:0e tex a  t  x foer  t   e     
 a  f a xx   a ty0 z e  
 zh5 zh e   a0 0:  n .     an x 0 
 
 
 x a
v a
   the  e v   a  he e  e ke e     a te
  e ee 0     
  e7 h    t e 
 f0e 
 an  e q7 the  0: h ed   t . f  eea700  he   e
 re   0e z a j11a de oe0e  g   e  e   e  z a x tx   the   x e2  
t t e e    ae4    
 
 
t t ee  e  e  e2 ep    e  0 e
   
   
 
 
 
   and  d0  h be  e 
   
e  je xj an  e e  e   ja x f0t t  e  xe  ? 
 
  e
  x ke6   j he  ev  a0 o5   a0n    hare  [   e ee e
 ee 3:0e    a    
  e  e  0    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n      
 a
zhk   an     a  thea  
     : : e  't   
a8f b     a 1 e x0t ek o ee90 et   te h1a t . 0    an  e  an .en  t    tj be  a 
  t b   x k aee   x  
 a
 e k0h9 t   t adoe  0o  je ve 
e  a
g   e e   ae :h9 q  
  e
  x an  ? : a0  z e   x a
t  x k a0 t   ad o00e  '   
e71ad6   ep en  x  zx a
 a  ane. z
   e 
aeoree0 e 0(e e  e e  e 0      e     e  e  an z     zh  '' an f a  x .? ? : h  t ebo e 
0  (  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
e2 ey o8  tbee7 e   e2  t  ne  6 e   
z t e'e  ee    e 
  o  4 a  a0ex   ? 
 x a
v    
  a  a0 ane v   an    an .e      e  t   a  x a .  h f a2 b  x   th1 x  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ajee  0 ahe 03 0n7 a
 :     a 
  
 eyv3d0 hee   a88t e 
     ( ant 3 o    an  jee  oe e7    e0   e e7  an  t  e  :pe70 a  e)  j   
 x  t  e53 t ekd  ex h 
 ant x  adhjv e   a x  e e9 f a       
t e e  e   
8 e  xh x ?   0  
 
n a  etxx 9   n0  
 the exo0v o   n .  ex  ey    ae be0 ee 5  
 0 ee dn  xe    a01 t     a0  ex    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ajet 
  
 tye 
 h   za   t  n53  
 theee  1 ea    e  be   9e  e  a  xe e e  6t 
 e'a 8 n e  ?  
   
 
e7  za    a 
? 
 ed   
(21 td .x2 an 
h v: 3 a    
an k ed    x j 
 an f  xekc e   
 q 72:e   an     a  d0h an   4 
n  t a 123   ae2 '  an z zx a0n
  [ t x a   o  
 and  ee ( ;ee ze 0e   e
' 0 e    
ot     
 
 
 
 
 
tv 9: an .      t e9  th.e    t  hee eeo i e  t e  h  he  ee eavevee  e    e      e je    e  h  t  z 
 ; ? n0 ; e  'xt a  .0   
 tve4e  a9     an f eva o    e7   ae  exe  0 a e   a   e4  xe ede00 ' n fhe  
 
 o
  x 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ajee  0 ahe 03v0 ox  zx   
 
 a
n5  an7  n h zje x   e5 kon  xe  ka8  ea e     ane0  d zo e  fe   e 
 e    e5  e qe e   ane 
'[ e5e     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 a t .
e  ;   
 a
 
n0 z ajx a2h     th  
 x ad2 ? 
  
tze  e2 a2 x  an
 h eev     
  an0   oot  e;    
e  e
 x  t .  xe q e e ee   
t e  e  e7 0  th. ?    esx0  a9 th  oe
h  f t  o oe e oe  
 e    e2ee  e  ee e  x eve 0 ov o?    ane7    
ee 0  e5 : 
  
 
 
e7  '  
 
 
 
 
 
 a
q    th. : 
n  hovt  z an  n   0f.  xh  
ee o t eey   x   and  e a  
za  eea e   
 ee -a 0 . 0   e2  ane    (   an .  :   e2 exo  z 3; a  e: 0: n0   a0 .00
 the e    a0  a  an  s   a a0e   a  z  e   x k  a  b t t o23 0a2o     aree eq  a oe       
 t a84:    thjo  
   
 an .    t  o0k0  x koh4 e oe hee  ee   o   e   e      e q  t   e   a0n f k  t o1    
 
 
 
 e2 ja
   at f  x 
x b t  be dh  e   e  
es   e2 p 
e     t   
 k   n7xz o?  fa    x and e*    -  thee t     x e  
    e7   
 th   
0    e  x x thee  h   ax  
e  j42e    t e  ?x e  ( e  n a  a 
   
 
 x k  0  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
n      
 a
zhk   an   o  aj8  
x and   a 
   
 
  
ant e     e7n0x h a t ; and  a  ' a1    
  t 

 x n 
 
 
 e7  a0  n  x  
t o e18' o7 q hat ze  ee e 0 oe]ah     a  xe zo       e  n k  xhe t   t f i 'e   the t e  e   e7n0 a h   
 01  a0 ed 0   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ajo t 01  og  zxet  e qam .:   e7  ad    an e71   a
 a2  an  033: e e2wa e1xzo4     x  a0  j  tk xq6 e   e5 j321: h0   
j  n o0   an .0  
 an fve.  t8  x zxt2ex   e7 to   h bhey xe     e  e  e   e 0 an  x  x22:    
toee
  tch e   t  x th t  e 
'ese e  ev e    e e eet   eeze  e 
ee  e   ' e    
 
  the    
tva0) 
   
 
 a
;ho   : e t e  e 
   e5      the  0  a9 03 d a z an0  
   
tot z zhe x    a  .      
 
2voq ja x 
 and   ?  a0 an k  e  a    t j t j a 0 e e2  br ; 

n x atj  ed  z  
  th  t a e   ane  8 q0  
  
e7  e .
0:e 
 
   
 
 x   the  .  an e     a7 ez  x   
   
to  x o
  a  
  tjexe    
 
 
 eyv0  v a2  t e9  j  a
 . 0:0   a0 .00e  z z zt v1
  
  ?  
 0  t  k0 h  k   x a
ht 
  a
j*  an e2h  e o0e h  e  e .    a
  edx    e2 j a ' an  xj; x ' a
 b   a7  h h e a0v 
3vx  
a0e t .  h  ex 
   o0  an            the w re 
  0 e e  e e  0: e    e  z       
 
x a 

x 
q6a4  
an z40  
 o
 h za
h  t  a2tx1 t  
 avo3 ? : q  
 
 
e5 an
 th. oe   e  0vo t ae1z
 
   ane 0 *  
 
 
 
  e5e z 08 
 
e4  ' t t d9:e  f    ane7 2e e2 th   eve a e e  .;   x   e   a e  
  a0e  a   
  
 
 zh0 e 
 
 
  t( zhe  be   e e
e  c f  e    a  e5
 a e    x x  z z e  
j  t 02:  n zx  th9xh 
 antqv ee   ve 5 
 ) 
n an e  v    e  ' a  an zzet  0j   
  '  ee   ad o x  e5 b  e7 rh     a79:0   3ha e  e e ex  e  a  e e  e e e e     
 
 
 
 a0
:e  an (   
 
to4  n ao t  ae0t  
x  e7 txe  ea 
 e
02: ? a1  t kw u o     b      
 a
 
 0   
  the  0 a9  he x 
x7  x e  ekva g e6v e
 w a h t p   t e     
eyvdaa a
0 t ax tle   
 th1t    e a e ae o  a xn
 e  e? e  jx   
 
 e5   t an  he e   a0 .  q6: en   a
       
  t zt  e9 x t e 
o0   thee   
 a o0 hoe   k? e    e  0 en z    be t t he e  t   0e5 8eexe 
    he  
  je0 ?   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
t    
n   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
t  
 
tox t  6n3   pa  
 h ar  e6 a: le2 
 x  n t b  )  xv e  '  a e '  an .
-----------------------------------Iteration 13